2025 sustainability report table of contents 3 50 introduction empower people to thrive 51 our people: cultivating well-being and inclusivity 12 innovate for good 57 our communities: building thriving communities 13 delivering sustainable innovation for our customers 61 governance 17 water and healthcare 18 advanced mobility and construction 63 sustainability governance 19 advanced computing and connectivity 70 sustainable development goal alignment 71 reporting approach 20 protect people and the planet a1 appendices 21 acting on climate 30 leading water stewardship a3 gri content index 35 enabling a circular economy a54 sasb content index 40 innovating safe and sustainable by design a58 tcfd disclosure index 45 delivering world-class environmental, health, and safety performance a68 assurance statement a76 forward-looking statements 3 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices introduction 4 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices letter from our chief executive officer to our stakeholders, our breakthrough technologies — filmtec™ nanofiltration membranes looking ahead, the intended separation of our electronics business and amberlite™ ion exchange resins — received top sustainability remains on track for november 1, 2025.[1] for dupont and the planned at dupont, we have an inspiring and awards for advancing safe, clean water and green hydrogen production. independent electronics company, qnity electronics inc., sustainable dedicated team focused on delivering innovation will continue to be an integral strategy for driving success, results that matter to our stakeholders we made substantial progress toward our 2030 climate goals — for the with each organization establishing refreshed goals aligned with their and delivering innovations that make a second year in a row, we surpassed our scopes 1 and 2 emissions targets, industry and stakeholder needs. difference in the lives of people everywhere. achieving a 66% reduction from our 2019 baseline through the use of innovation is at the heart of all we do. our renewable energy certificates (recs). we also recorded a 60% reduction our 2024 progress detailed in this report is the result of the dedication teams around the world harness inventive in scope 3 emissions from purchased goods and services and end-of- and collaboration of our employees, partners, and stakeholders who thinking, continuous improvement, and hard work to life product impacts — surpassing our 2030 goal ahead of schedule. partner with us to create a more sustainable future. while we are proud solve customer and supply chain challenges, reduce our impact on the our actions have garnered an a- cdp climate score for the second of the strides we have made, we know there is still more work to be environment, and create long-term value. consecutive year and provide us with a clear pathway to achieving done. with continued focus, innovation, and accountability, we will keep our commitment of net-zero emissions by 2050. advancing toward our goals — innovating for good, protecting people i’m pleased to share our 2025 sustainability report, which highlights our and the planet, and empowering people to thrive. commitment to sustainability and the value it brings to every aspect of strong corporate governance is an integral part of our core values our business — driving improvements and differentiation in our product and reinforces our sustainability strategy. in 2024, we made significant thank you for your continued trust, support, and partnership. portfolios, improving our manufacturing sites and supply chains, and strides in transparent reporting of our policies and performance. we creating an environment that empowers our people. established a human rights committee, conducted a preliminary double sincerely, materiality assessment, and enhanced our third-party risk management in 2024, we accelerated progress across all aspects of our strategy — program. as a result, we were proud to be included on the cdp 2024 delivering sustainable innovation, acting on climate, safeguarding water supplier engagement assessment a list, which recognized our strong resources, enabling circularity, designing safer products, supporting the engagement with our supply chain on climate issues, and to receive the lori koch well-being of our employees, and strengthening our communities. ecovadis silver medal sustainability rating for advancements in our chief executive officer sustainability reporting. we launched over 30 new product innovations that combined [1] the intended electronics separation will not require a shareholder vote and is subject to sustainability with high performance. the impact and quality of this work our achievements are not possible without our talented and engaged satisfaction of customary conditions, including final approval by dupont’s board of directors, receipt of tax opinion from counsel, the filing and effectiveness of a form 10 registration statement with was recognized by our customers and the industries we serve — dupont teams. by fostering a culture of empowerment and continuous the u.s. securities and exchange commission, applicable regulatory approvals, and satisfactory completion of financing. please refer to the announcement and presentation materials from earned eight r&d 100 and edison awards and was named best partner improvement, we saw notable gains in employee engagement on january 15, 2025, posted to the investor section of www.dupont.com for more information. for innovation from samsung electronics, and our styrofoam™ brand internal surveys, with 89% saying the work they do matters and xps insulation received the 2024 american chemical society heroes of they feel connected to our purpose. together, we also achieved our chemistry recognition. dupont water technologies are helping to purify safest year on record, surpassing our previous record in 2023. more than 50 million gallons of water every minute across the world. 5 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices our company business by way of a spin-off transaction, thereby our employees around the world come to work creating a new independent, publicly traded and purpose each day with a shared purpose: to empower the electronics company. effective in the first quarter of 2025, in light of the intended electronics separation, world with the essential innovations to thrive dupont de nemours, inc. (dupont) is a publicly dupont realigned its management and reporting traded, premier multi-industrial company based in structure as follows: wilmington, delaware, united states of america. we are a global innovation leader in technology- • industrialsco — a leading solutions provider for based materials and solutions that help transform healthcare, water, and a broad range of industrial industries and everyday life. our passion for, segments, powered by high-performance and proven expertise in, science and innovation engineered products, leading-edge application enable us to partner with our customers to create development, and top-tier manufacturing. it sustainable solutions for the complex challenges includes the businesses within the former water facing our world. & protection segment, the healthcare and non- electronics businesses, including vespel® parts more information about our organization, corporate and shapes, which was previously in industrial governance, board of directors, operational solutions and auto adhesives & fluids, and the structure, markets served, and geographical multibase™ and tedlar® businesses, which footprint as of december 31, 2024, is available in our were previously in corporate & other. 2024 annual report on form 10-k, our 2025 proxy statement, and our recast of 2024 results on form • electronicsco — a leading global provider of 8-k filed on may 2, 2025, which reflects the changes differentiated electronics materials, including to our management and reporting structure key consumables used in semiconductor chip discussed below. these documents are filed with the manufacturing, as well as advanced electronic u.s. securities and exchange commission and are materials enabling reliable signal integrity, available at investors.dupont.com. power management, and thermal management. it includes the semiconductor technologies and in may 2024, dupont announced a plan to separate interconnect solutions businesses, as well as its electronics business into an independent the electronics-related product lines previously publicly traded company. in january 2025, dupont within industrial solutions, including kalrez®. announced it is targeting november 1, 2025 to complete the intended separation of its electronics japan team building activity near utsunomiya, japan 6 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices dupont at a glance our core values dupont sales worldwide[1] dupont sales by segment[1] with four core values anchoring our commitment to sustainable innovation, we’ve designed and maintained a foundation for long-term growth, connection 35% with local communities, and an environment that attracts the best and brightest u.s. andu can.asda. and canada talent to help us deliver solutions to our customers. our core values are timeless $4.3b and foundational to everything we do and every decision we make every day. $8.1b 44% asia pacific industrialsco $12.4b asia pacific $12.4b industrialsco safety and health $4.3b net sales 17% net sales electronicsco we’re committed to protecting the safety and health europe, middle east, and africa electronicsco of our employees, our contractors, our customers, and europe, middle east, and africa $8.1b the people in the communities where we operate. latin america 4% latin america respect for people we treat our employees and all our partners with professionalism, 50+ dignity, and respect, fostering an environment where people can contribute, innovate, and excel. dupont employees worldwide[2] countries where we operate 45% highest ethical behavior u.s. andu can.asda. and canada~110 we conduct ourselves in accordance with the highest ethical standards, and in compliance with all applicable laws, always 34% striving to be a respected corporate citizen worldwide. ~24,000 asia pac a ific sia pacific manufacturing sites employees 16% europe, middle east, and africa protecting the planet europe, middle we find science-enabled, sustainable solutions for our customers, always east, and africa managing our businesses to protect the environment and preserve the latin america earth’s natural resources for today and for future generations. 5% latin america [1] sales on a continuing operations basis as reported in the recast form 8-k that was filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission on may 2, 2025. [2] approximately, as of december 31, 2024. 7 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices overview: industrialsco a leading solutions provider for healthcare, water, and a broad range of industrial segments, powered by high-performance engineered products, leading-edge application development, and top-tier manufacturing. markets served with leading brands water purification healthcare solutions and advanced mobility sustainable and advanced protective printing and and solutions healthcare packaging and clean energy productive construction materials packaging addressing many of the hardest-to- enabling advances in medical enabling safe and cost-efficient design enabling integrated building delivering multi-threat offering flexographic printing treat water and process challenges packaging, medical devices, and through engineered and formulated solutions that drive energy efficiency, protection for fire, chemical, and digital ink solutions through membrane, ion exchange pharma manufacturing for trends solutions to advance the future of weatherization, durability, and fire electrical, and impact protection to optimize the quality, resin, and system innovations. in patient care: minimally invasive mobility across transportation modes resilience and reduce build cycle. without sacrificing comfort. productivity, and sustainability procedures and personalized therapies. (air, vehicle, rail). in printing and packaging. filmtec™ tyvek® vespel® styrofoam™ nomex® artistri® amberlite™ spectrum plastics group molykote® froth-pak™ kevlar® cyrel® integratec™ liveo™ betaforce™ tc great stuff™ tyvek® memcor® donatelle nomex® armorwall™ tychem® tedlar® tyvek® 8 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices overview: electronicsco a leading global provider of materials and solutions for the semiconductor and electronics industries, empowering technology roadmaps to enable advancements in artificial intelligence (ai), advanced computing, and advanced connectivity. markets enabled with leading product families advanced computing advanced connectivity consumer electronics advanced mobility industrials and artificial intelligence and communications advancing chip designs and empowering high-speed, high-frequency data enabling the production of high-performance supporting reliability, safety, and powering automation and robotics architecture to power ai, machine transmission with low latency while maintaining electronic components and modules for performance for electric motors, charging for advanced manufacturing learning applications, and data centers. superior signal integrity and reliability for next- consumer electronic devices. systems, and chips for hybrid/electric and smart factories with greater generation electronics systems. vehicles and autonomous driving. versatility and functionality. cmp pads and slurries laird™ thermal pyralux® kapton® kapton® photoresists pyralux® advanced circuit materials kalrez® kalrez® advanced cleans advanced circuit and semiconductor fabrication materials laird™ emi laird™ emi packaging materials laird™ thermal organic light-emitting diode (oled) pyralux® semiconductor display materials advanced circuit and fabrication materials packaging materials 9 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices our sustainability strategy three-pillar sustainability framework to manage the complex and quickly evolving sustainability landscape, we’ve built our strategy on three pillars: innovate, protect, and empower. these three pillars shape our innovation portfolio, our 2030 sustainability goals our operations strategy, and our commitment to our people and communities. delivering sustainable innovation for our customers innovate products to meaningfully address the world’s sustainability challenges, with positive impacts for customers and society acting on climate leading water stewardship reduce our scopes 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions implement holistic water strategies by 50% by 2030 from the 2019 base year and deliver at sites in high-risk watersheds and innovate carbon neutral in operations by 2050 at high-consumption sites reduce our scope 3 emissions from purchased goods enable millions of people access to for good and services and end-of-life of sold products by 25% clean water through leadership in our commitment to use our talent, protect by 2030 from the 2020 base year advancing water technology and enacting strategic partnerships resources, and innovation expertise source 60% of power to our operations from renewable people and the planet sources by 2030 as part of our re100 commitment to work on meaningful and valuable our commitment to take action solutions to societal challenges. to ensure the safety of our employees, contractors, customers, enabling a innovating safe and delivering world- and communities while improving circular economy sustainable by design class environmental, our impact on the environment. integrate circular advance sustainable health, and safety economy principles chemistry in the design of performance into our business our products and processes, further our commitment to models considering addressing substances of zero injuries, occupational life cycle impacts in concern and communicating illnesses, incidents, waste, the markets we serve with stakeholders on and emissions our performance empower people to thrive our people: cultivating well-being and inclusivity our communities: building become one of the world’s most inclusive companies where thriving communities our strategy to enable our employees report high levels of well-being and fulfillment improve over 25mm lives through employees and communities to targeted social impact programs experience well-being, purpose, opportunity, inclusivity, and connection. 10 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices q&a with alexa dembek, chief technology and sustainability officer q: how is innovation woven into dupont’s our “together for the planet” initiative brings suppliers together to align solutions sustainability navigator tool helps users compare how sustainability efforts? on industry priorities, streamline disclosure requirements, enhance different potential water treatment scenarios impact sustainability a: at dupont, sustainable innovation is human rights efforts, and address packaging needs. indicators, including carbon emissions, chemicals used, wastewater central to everything we do. our focus is produced, solid waste generated, and footprint needed — with all on customer-driven innovation that fuels our global market-facing teams provide insights on evolving regional calculations and indicators validated by a third-party verification business growth — whether it’s solving and industry-specific requirements — such as the carbon border performed by lrqa, a global assurance provider. adjustment mechanism (cbam), eu corporate sustainability reporting complex water treatment challenges, directive (csrd), and packaging/extended producer responsibility (epr) q: what accomplishment stands out the most in 2024? addressing needs in healthcare for medical devices and packaging, enabling ai for advanced regulations — which inform our innovation roadmap and investment a: it’s hard to single out one achievement, as this report highlights the computing and connectivity, or enhancing systems decisions. this collaboration across the value chain is essential to incredible impact of our innovations and the dedication of our people integration for advanced mobility. achieving our sustainability goals. during a transformative period for the company. q: how do you strengthen the connection between sustainability over the past several years, we’ve transformed our product portfolio that said, i’m especially proud of our continued leadership in safety and impact and business value? to align with growth and value creation, while embedding sustainable our success in rapid decarbonization to exceed initial climate targets. principles in our processes. we’re committed to delivering performance a: i’m a strong believer that sustainability isn’t just a tool to take off the what stands out most is the global engagement of our teams — driving and cost efficiency, reducing substances of concern, and decarbonizing shelf — it’s the engine that drives risk reduction and value creation. by transformation, achieving growth, and embedding sustainability into to meet customer expectations. turning customer needs into actionable solutions, we help them reach everyday decisions for meaningful impact. their own sustainability goals. q: what is the next chapter in dupont’s sustainability journey? sustainability is also integrated into our core excellence areas — we’re proud to deliver products and applications that address complex operational, innovation, and commercial excellence — to minimize a: we’re focused on accelerating momentum as we transition to the challenges, accelerate adoption, and meet cost and performance our footprint and amplify the positive impact our products have on planned two independent, public companies, each with portfolios requirements — all while delivering relevant sustainability benefits. customers and society. uniquely positioned to deliver both business and sustainability value — this includes efforts to decarbonize operations, eliminate substances two objectives that are inherently linked. q: how does engaging with suppliers and customers help achieve of concern, and enhance circularity across the value chain. dupont’s 2030 sustainability goals? we’re committed to fostering an engaged, inclusive culture grounded for example, the world business council for sustainable development a: we prioritize strategic alignment and open communication to in purpose, opportunity, and shared experience. now more than ever, (wbcsd) recently published a vivid avoided-emissions use case deliver on industry-specific expectations across key industry sectors. the world needs science- and engineering-based solutions to tackle its examining how dupont’s filmtec™ reverse osmosis (ro) membranes engagement is critical to ensuring we meet the unique needs of greatest challenges. we’re ready for the next step and welcome the and the dupont water solutions sustainability navigator are helping end-use customers. partnership that comes from our employees, customers, investors, customers lower carbon emissions and reduce costs. the digital water and other stakeholders. count on us. 11 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices awards innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive received three 2024 r&d 100 awards for advancements received a 2025 ecovadis silver medal sustainability received the american chemistry council (acc) in science and innovation. the awards, sponsored by rating, reflecting continued momentum on sustainability. 2024 sustainability leadership award in the social r&d world magazine, recognize the 100 most innovative our score placed us in the 91st percentile and among the responsibility and community engagement category technologies of the previous year. top 15% of all companies evaluated globally. for our clear into the future® grant program. awarded 1st place in the 2024 altair enlighten award’s received cdp climate score of a- for the second earned the great place to work certification™ in the u.s. sustainable product category for our betamate™ consecutive year. and south korea based on the results of the trust index™ broad bake structural adhesive. survey, which assesses employee satisfaction. recognized as one of the 2024 american chemical society honored with a 2025 gold edison award™ in the (acs) heroes of chemistry for our styrofoam™ brand xps received top employer award in china for the third critical safety materials advancement category insulation, which delivers a 94% reduction in embodied consecutive year. for our kevlar® exo™, and a second gold edison carbon while still providing the same operational carbon award™ in high performance engineering materials savings through stable, long-term insulation value across received a perfect score on the human rights campaign category for tyvek® trifecta™ a2 building wrap. a wide range of temperatures. foundation’s 2024 - 2025 corporate equality index, and received a 2025 bronze edison award™ in the recognized as a recipient of the equality 100 award: semiconductor innovations for ai & hpc category received the "2024 sustainable technology of the year" leader in lgbtq+ workplace inclusion. for ikonic™ 9000 polishing pads. award at the global sustainability & esg awards for our filmtec™ nanofiltration membrane portfolio. named a finalist for the u.s. chamber of awarded 2024 sustainability award from the business commerce foundation citizens award for our intelligence group in the “sustainable product of recognized as a finalist for the 2024 world sustainability stem partnership with discovery education the year" category for our amberlite™ p2x110 ion award for carbon reduction for demonstrating action and and the delaware department of education. exchange resin for green hydrogen production. fast progress in operational ghg emissions reductions and impact across the wider value chain. won in four categories for dupont procurement at the received the 2025 new product introduction (npi) institute for supply management (ism) supply chain award in the laminates category from circuits assembly named "best implementer of un sdg 6: water for all" by trailblazer awards, being recognized for sustainability magazine for our pyralux® ml laminate series. the international desalination and reuse association. commitment, diversity champion, transformation, and category management excellence. 1122 dduuppoonntt 22002255 ssuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy rreeppoorrtt introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices delivering sustainable innovation for our customers innovate for good at dupont, we believe the greatest positive impact we water and healthcare have on the world is through our innovations. we believe scientific advancement is critical to addressing the world’s most pressing challenges. our innovation strategy and 2030 sustainability goals focus on the powerful intersections — and synergies — between advancements in technology and advanced mobility and construction sustainability, application development and human progress, value for our customers and stakeholders, and value to society. advanced computing and connectivity 1133 dduuppoonntt 22002255 ssuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy rreeppoorrtt introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices delivering sustainable innovation for our customers accomplishments in 2024 greater than 75% 8 more than 5,000 of our innovation portfolio is expected to r&d 100 and edison awards customer sustainability inquiries deliver sustainability value for our customers won for products delivering responded to by business teams based on an analysis using an updated version positive performance and supported by the newly formed customer of dupont’s portfolio sustainability assessment sustainability benefits for sustainability disclosure committee. (psa) methodology. customers and society. more than 30 acs 2024 heroes of chemistry recipient for our styrofoam™ brand xps insulation, which delivers a 94% reduction in embodied carbon while still new product offerings launched that delivered providing the same operational carbon savings through stable, long-term sustainability and performance advantages insulation value across a wide range of temperatures. for customers across our global businesses, in areas such as advanced computing, vehicle electrification, medical devices, building materials, received the 2024 best partner award for innovation from samsung electronics, water purification, sustainable construction, and along with three other supplier awards from industry-leading customers for printing and publishing. achievements in innovation to enable advanced node technology development. 14 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices collaborate: highlights the differential investment choices needed to meet customer expectations for each strategic insight market, as well as the need for tailored sustainable collaborate from our customers innovation growth strategies. with our customers and across our the results of our collaborative learning in 2024 global value chains to accelerate customer engagement reinforced the value our customers and stakeholders learning and innovation to align place on climate action and safe and sustainable in 2024, we continued to build on our strong address sustainability challenges our business growth strategies and design strategies. it is clear that individual companies engagement with customers and value chain in the markets we serve differential investment choices in our cannot act alone in addressing these challenges. our partners, recognizing the significant business core businesses and growth markets commitment to sustainable innovation is driven by value of meeting their expectations, while also with customer insight and global close collaboration with our value chain, leveraging acknowledging the potential risks associated with sustainability challenges the strengths of our suppliers to effectively meet inaction. our integrated approach to stakeholders our customers’ needs. together, we can reduce leverages direct engagement with strategic greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions and the use of customers, collaboration on sustainable innovation our approach to substances of concern, advance circular, low-carbon challenges, and analysis from key industrial sectors materials strategies, and improve water stewardship and growth markets. the diversity of our global sustainable innovation and human rights due diligence. businesses, as shown in the accompanying graphic, sustainability topic relative importance on a scale of 1 to 70 80 90 95+ importance by market 100, as rated by customers electronics water healthcare advanced shelter protective mobility apparel deliver acting on climate sustainable product and safe and sustainable by design application innovations that create quantifiable circular economy positive impact for customers and society water stewardship responsible procurement ev battery teardown with nomex®, kapton®, pyralux®, betatech™, betaforce™ tc, molykote® 15 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices customer sustainability disclosure committee by improving our strategic customer engagement and insight >75% generation and working with our global business teams, we’ve been in 2024, dupont formed a customer sustainability disclosure committee able to build differentiated strategies that address the highest-priority to support our business teams that responded to more than 5,000 of dupont’s innovation portfolio is sustainably advantaged sustainability challenges faced by our customers. customer inquiries. our ability to respond with consistent, high-quality, with a strong focus on climate and safe and sustainable by and timely answers is a key factor that adds value for our customers. design product launches customers rely on our disclosures for a wide range of sustainability psa impact categories issues to meet the objectives of their sustainability programs, and verify that dupont is meeting expectations as a sustainable partner. deliver: sustainable the committee supports this work by documenting processes and climate action circular economy innovation solutions data, making standard responses available, and convening a regular meeting to share best practices across businesses. the team launched • reduce product carbon footprint. • manufacture using recycled or bio-based materials. an internal artificial intelligence (ai) tool that makes sustainability • manufacture using collaboration with customers and intentional alignment of our business information more accessible to customer-facing teams across dupont. renewable energy. • reduce or repurpose growth strategies with customers’ current and emerging needs have operational waste. • enable carbon reduction allowed us to successfully deliver sustainable innovation solutions. for customers. • enable waste reduction or efficiency for customers. we’ve focused on growth through innovation and have invested in • enable use phase efficiency align: our business’ sustainable or other climate solutions. • design for circularity. research and development (r&d) in key growth markets. our strategic investments benefit all reporting segments. read about our sustainable innovation growth strategies innovation solutions developed in 2024 and key market areas over the safe and sustainable next few pages. in 2024, we leveraged strategic customer insights to refine our market by design water stewardship and business-level sustainable innovation growth strategies. each • avoid or minimize the use of • reduce product water footprint. business focuses on key sustainability drivers that align with the four substances of concern (soc) in categories of dupont’s psa methodology: acting on climate, enabling the design of new products. • improve water use efficiency in own operations. a circular economy, innovating safe and sustainable by design, and • execute soc phase-out and • enable water efficiency leading water stewardship. sustainability improvement improvements for customers. plans for existing products. • investigate safe and more • enable improved water the portfolio-level scoring results based on our psa methodology outcomes for the world, sustainable alternatives. including expansion of demonstrate that our innovation portfolio is both strongly aligned with • engage raw material suppliers access to clean water. the sustainability priorities of our strategic customers and sustainably and improve manufacturing processes to further avoid or advantaged compared to competitors. greater than 75% of dupont’s minimize soc. innovation portfolio is sustainably advantaged (rated as “differentiated” or “highly differentiated”) in at least one sustainability impact category. 16 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 2024 lavoisier and pedersen awardees each year, we honor dupont innovators whose work and commitment have had significant results for our businesses, our customers, and the world. lavoisier: the lavoisier medal for lifetime technical pedersen: the pedersen medal celebrates technical knowledge, skill, and commitment in areas that have resulted in important new achievement recognizes scientists and engineers who have innovations for dupont customers. the award is named in honor of charles j. pedersen, whose distinguished 40+ year research career at demonstrated a career of creative technical contributions with dupont led to his receipt of the 1987 nobel prize in chemistry. his discovery of a novel class of chemical compounds called macrocyclic significant business impact. named in honor of the 18th century polyethers provided the foundation for nanotechnology. french chemist, antoine laurent lavoisier, this award is the pinnacle recognition for dupont innovators. yi guo, ph.d. mansour mirdamadi principal scientist, advanced technical laureate, auto adhesives and fluids brad taylor, ph.d. cleans & slurry technologies mansour has successfully combined his expertise in technical laureate, cyrel® as the lead developer in multiple slurry families material science, applied engineering mechanics, and flexographic solutions for chemical mechanical planarization (cmp), yi’s virtual modeling to create novel solutions for automotive expertise in particle technology, colloidal science, customers. by applying advanced engineering across a 30-year industrial career, brad has been interfacial chemistry, and application development methodologies, he has determined effective and efficient instrumental in technical transformations that led the have produced breakthrough innovations in dupont adhesive technologies suitable for vehicle body flexographic printing industry. he led the development of semiconductor manufacturing. substrates and electric vehicle battery assemblies. the first cyrel® digital imager and accompanying cyrel® digital plates. as of the end of 2024, more than 90% of the cyrel® portfolio benefited from brad’s innovations. martin heijnen, ph.d. r&d leader, pes ultrafiltration martin’s advancements in ultrafiltration membranes for water filtration have led to the development of multibore™ uf products and solvent recovery systems with reduced emissions, capacity increases, and safer processing. lavoisier and pedersen awards, hagley museum and library, wilmington, de 17 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices water purification and solutions healthcare solutions and healthcare packaging dupont water solutions innovates advanced membrane and ion exchange resin technology solutions to address our innovations in healthcare are enhancing pharmaceutical production, improving medical device performance, water, energy, and wellness challenges. our broad portfolio tackles even the hardest-to-treat water and process enabling transdermal drug delivery, and protecting both equipment and people through tyvek® garments and challenges with fit-for-purpose solutions to meet our customers’ unique challenges. tyvek® healthcare packaging. water and wastewater — from helping treat or allow for the reuse of more wastewater to increasing access to • garments — tyvek® es new biological hazard protection series launched for emergency medical service teams, safe water in communities worldwide, our technologies can help enable water security for domestic, industrial, offering an optimal balance of protection and comfort with a new set of protections from biological hazards. and agricultural uses. • healthcare packaging — launched tyvek® with renewable attribution, which enables more sustainable • coming online this year, membrane aerated biofilm reactors (mabrs) will sustainably remove nutrients healthcare packaging by using certified bio-circular feedstock via a mass balance approach to significantly from wastewater at treatment plants in new zealand. additionally, filmtec™ nanofiltration elements are reduce the packaging’s carbon footprint. being used in one of the world’s largest drinking water plants to remove organic compounds, providing • wearable devices — liveo™ is collaborating with stmicroelectronics to develop a real-time portable heartbeat high-quality drinking water to the residents of jiaxing city, china. monitor, advancing flexible patch design without losing electrical signal conductivity for accuracy. cleaner energy — water and energy are interconnected — expertise in purification and separation • biopharma processing — liveo™ pharma tpe ultra-low temp tubing provides the toughness, flexibility, technologies is needed to support the evolving needs of new energy sources. tailored product launches over pressure, and chemical resistance required by the biopharma processing industry for manufacturing at the past two years include: temperatures down to -80° c. • filmtec™ line-xd elements helping to purify lithium from brines to supply the growing needs for lithium- • advanced prototyping — at our rapid prototyping and engineering (rpe) center, precision manufacturing with based energy storage; amberlite™ p2x110 mixed bed ion exchange resins purifying electrolyzer water proprietary capabilities in additive manufacturing, extrusion, and molding enables spectrum plastics group to to produce green hydrogen; and amberlite™ ev2x resins purifying glycol water coolants for batteries in quickly prototype custom medical components and seamlessly transition to high-volume manufacturing for electric vehicles. medical device customers. wellness — with a focus on wellness and health, our water solutions business brings our expertise to the • deepening healthcare offerings — spectrum and donatelle bring advanced innovative capabilities — injection healthcare, pharmaceutical, and food and beverage industries. in 2024, filmtec™ hypershell™ nf245xd molding, liquid silicone rubber processing, precision machining, assembly and tool building — aligned with key nanofiltration elements were launched to help convert dairy processing waste into nutritional products, therapeutic areas including electrophysiology, drug delivery, diagnostics, neurostimulation, and orthopedic extremities. reducing food loss. 18 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices advanced mobility sustainable and productive construction dupont develops materials that support the reliable operation of electric vehicles and the electrification of air, rail, and other advanced modes of transportation. our products enable and improve the performance of many systems, including electrified powertrains, cabin comfort components, advancing sustainability in the built environment requires alternative fuel sources, and structural integrity of the vehicle. innovative construction solutions that help drive the whole life • next-generation kapton® polyimide films are optimized based on decades • betamate™ broad bake structural adhesive reduces energy use and carbon of buildings to net-zero, enhance material circularity, and of experience to protect sensitive electronic systems from demanding greenhouse gas emissions during ev vehicle body manufacturing. promote the utilization of safer chemistries. environments, including innovation in non-pfas materials for electric • betaforce™ elastic structural adhesives for ev battery pack designs are • great stuff™ wide spray, a one-component foam sealant that vehicle and aerospace wire insulation. formulated with 30% weight bio-based materials and a room-temperature expands up to one inch, delivers a durable, weather-resistant seal • rapid scale up of microfill™ evf-iii acid copper via-filling technology for curing system, which simplifies assembly processes, eliminating the need that covers larger gaps and hard-to-reach spaces. designed for reliability in high-density interconnect (hdi) printed circuit boards for for high-temperature curing. ease of use, our innovative formula eliminates complex setup, automotive applications. • molykote® hp-300 grease is proven to meet strict hydrogen purity mixing, coveralls, and respirators — saving users time and money. • launched laird™ tflex™ cr350s, an ultra-soft thermal solution for high standards under iso14687:2019. this grease’s performance in extreme • tyvek® protec™ psu peel and stick underlayment is suitable for vibration applications. its ultra-soft composition meets vertical shock and conditions supports the safe and reliable hydrogen storage and full coverage roofing applications, like eaves and valleys. this vibration requirements, reducing stress on the chip. transportation needed for hydrogen to be used as a next-generation fuel. new solution offers a slip-resistant walking surface and a wide range of installation temperatures. • activegrid® ink and activegrid® film technologies are helping to revolutionize the automotive and consumer electronics industry with new solutions for transparent heaters, smart surfaces, light detection and ranging (lidar), in-mold electronics, and transparent electromagnetic interference shielding applications. 19 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices advanced computing and artificial intelligence the newest generations of process technology are used to produce chips that are increasingly smaller, denser, and lower in power consumption. advanced node chips are at the heart of the most advanced computing applications, including artificial intelligence (ai), machine learning, 5g, and autonomous vehicles. • new polishing pads for chemical mechanical planarization (cmp) with breakthrough performance for advanced nodes, including the launch of the new optivision™ max and ikonic™ 9000 series pads. • new product launches to support extreme ultraviolet (euv) lithography, including ar™ underlayer advanced connectivity materials, eon™ photoresists, and euv mask cleans. • new etchsolv™ high-selectivity etchants to address stringent integration and patterning requirements, and communications enabling precise material selectivity and etch control for the creation of high-aspect-ratio features and scalable 3d architectures. dupont develops and manufactures products with exceptional quality and reliability under two powerhouse portfolios — advanced • new circuposit™ sap8000 electroless copper is a metallization technology designed for ai server cpu interconnects and thermal management — to address the complex or gpu chip applications. it meets the demands for low-roughness dielectrics essential for fine-line and performance demands of next generation chip packaging, printed high-frequency designs. circuit board (pcb) reliability, and communications within and between • kalrez® low-permeation seals, specially designed as custom parts, are built for demanding conditions in electronic systems. semiconductor manufacturing processes, including high-temperature and high-vacuum uses. • pyralux® ml is a new series of double-sided, metal-clad laminates for both flexible and rigid-flex pcbs. these laminates are designed for optimized thermal management in high-reliability applications such as aerospace, defense, and ai-related networking. • launched laird™ bmi-s-608 shield frame, a one-part shielding consumer electronics solution that eliminates the need for traditional shield covers, reducing the weight and footprint of thermal management for enhanced design freedom on pcbs and improved sustainability. innovation across electronics such as tablets, smartphones, wearable technology, and iot devices is driving demand for smart surface technology and digital displays that are higher quality, brighter, more flexible, • new laird™ tpcm™ 7000 thermal phase change material is designed and adaptable. to enhance the cooling of the most rigorous thermal challenges in advanced computing and ai, with industry-leading thermal • launched new red and blue host materials for advanced oled displays that feature enhanced resistance, long-term reliability, and a non-silicone formulation. brightness, lower energy consumption, and longer lifetime for mobile phone and it applications. 2200 dduuppoonntt 22002255 ssuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy rreeppoorrtt introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices protect acting on climate people and the planet leading water stewardship protecting people and the planet is a core pillar of dupont’s sustainability strategy. through our environmental, health, safety, and security commitment, we commit to protecting the health and safety of our employees, our communities, and the environment. to uphold our commitment, we have established a culture of ownership and accountability that enabling a circular economy drives continuous improvement; strategic partnerships to enhance our capabilities; strong environmental, health, and safety (eh&s) processes; and modern data systems to improve our ability to measure and report our progress. innovating safe and sustainable by design in 2024, we proudly announced our commitment to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. we’ve continued to evolve our climate strategy and have reduced our scopes 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions by 66% since 2019. delivering world-class environmental, health, and safety performance 2211 dduuppoonntt 22002255 ssuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy rreeppoorrtt introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices acting on climate accomplishments in 2024 55% reduction of total scopes committed to net-zero by 2050, 1, 2, and 3 emissions from the meeting increasing customer and value chain expectations for net-zero commitments. respective baselines. 66% 41 reduction of scopes 1 and 2 emissions from the 2019 dupont manufacturing sites operate using 100% baseline, exceeding our 2030 goal for the second renewable electricity (including from recs). consecutive year and outperforming the expectations of the paris agreement. a- cdp climate score 60% for the second consecutive year. reduction of scope 3 emissions from purchased goods and services and end-of-life of sold products from the 2020 baseline, continuing to surpass our 2030 goal of developed strategic five-year climate transition plans to reduce carbon 25% reduction. emissions in line with industry expectations and to support the shift to a low-carbon economy, mitigate climate risks, and create business value. 61% of electric power to our operations is from renewable named as a finalist for the 2024 world sustainability awards’ carbon sources by increasing our purchases of renewable reduction award, demonstrating action and accelerated emissions electricity (including from purchased renewable energy reductions in our operations and impacts across our value chain. certificates (recs), surpassing our 2030 goal. dupont asturias, spain 22 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices achieving our we surpassed both of our sbti-validated targets and reduce ghg emissions from our operations and value chains our near-term goal to source 60% of electricity for ambition and planning our operations from renewable sources or through operations (scopes 1 and 2) value chains (scope 3) for the future the purchase of recs by 2030. • implement low-carbon • partner along our value chains to reduce in 2023, we announced bold 2030 climate goals that 55% industrial processes ghg emissions from raw materials and address increasing expectations from our customers • transition to renewable product end-of-life and other stakeholders, and in 2024, we announced electricity sources reduction of total scopes 1, 2, and 3 our commitment to achieve net-zero by 2050. we • transition to low-carbon emissions from the respective baselines continue to accelerate our climate actions and steam generation incorporate the essential elements of a successful climate strategy. in 2024, we submitted a letter to sbti indicating our intent to set long-term science-based ghg the targets we established in 2023 were validated emissions reduction targets and establish an end- by the science based targets initiative (sbti) and to-end value chain target to achieve net-zero ghg essential elements of our meet their near-term target criteria. the targets emissions by 2050. include: climate strategy business transition plans • reduce our scopes 1 and 2 greenhouse gas at dupont, we continue to define the plans that (ghg) emissions by 50% by 2030 from a 2019 enable our businesses to meet our future goals. in baseline, updating the prior 30% reduction 2024, we made significant progress in developing goal we achieved in 2022. and implementing climate transition plans across identify and manage • reduce scope 3 emissions from purchased our businesses. each business developed a detailed our climate risk goods and services (category 1) and end-of-life transition plan describing specific decarbonization innovate solutions to of sold products (category 12) by 25% by 2030 actions to take in the next five years and the • identify, assess, manage, enable decarbonization from a 2020 baseline. strategic levers and choices needed to achieve net- and disclose climate-related • innovate to develop lower zero emissions by 2050. the plans are specific to risks and opportunities embodied carbon products and help we’re pleased to report in 2024 that by focusing the customers, value chains, and strategies of each customers meet their climate goals on actions aligned with our climate strategy, we business and are aligned with industry expectations. reduced emissions across all scopes by 55% from the respective scopes 1 and 2 and scope 3 baselines. ev battery cells with betaforce™ tc ribbon-to-cell thermal bonding 23 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices significant climate action milestones 2019 and 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 established climate goals: completed scope 3 inventory achieved a 36% reduction achieved a 58% reduction of achieved a 66% reduction of of scopes 1 and 2 emissions, scopes 1 and 2 emissions from scopes 1 and 2 emissions from • reduce scopes 1 and 2 ghg included first task force on exceeding 30% reduction target the 2019 baseline, exceeding the 2019 baseline emissions by 30% by 2030 climate-related financial 50% reduction goal • source 60% of electricity from disclosures (tcfd) disclosure set new target to reduce scopes 1 achieved a 60% reduction of renewable energy by 2030 in annual sustainability report and 2 emissions by 50% by 2030 achieved a 46% reduction of scope scope 3, categories 1 and 12 3, categories 1 and 12 emissions from emissions from the 2020 baseline • deliver carbon neutral styrofoam™ xps brand set first scope 3 reduction target the 2020 baseline operations by 2050 insulation product lines committed to be net-zero by 2050, featured lower gwp options sbti validated dupont’s new sourced 57% of power for our with initial climate transition plans began the phased launch of a new, goals, confirming alignment operations from renewable completed by each business low-global warming potential (gwp) joined re100 and committed with 1.5° c ambition electricity, including the styrofoam™ brand xps insulation to 100% renewable electricity purchase of recs awarded an a- cdp climate score by 2050 sourced 54% of electricity from for the second consecutive year awarded an a- cdp climate score renewable energy, and our awarded an a- cdp climate score first virtual power purchase named as a finalist for the 2024 agreement (vppa) came online launched together for the planet world sustainability awards’ supplier engagement program and carbon reduction award exited the use of coal in our operations engaged 40% of suppliers by spend for thermal energy dupont zhangjiagang, jiangsu, china 24 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices partnerships to meet reducing ghg emissions in the climate challenge our operations and value chains • the world business council for sustainable development and implementation of low-carbon industrial processes world resources institute provide opportunities for thought since announcing reduction targets in 2019, we’ve realized significant leadership in climate-related working groups and to learn emissions reductions in manufacturing through process change from our peers. and optimization. • re100 is an organization of hundreds of the world’s leading we converted our building envelope insulation and air-sealing products businesses committed to sourcing 100% of their energy needs to low-gwp blowing agent solutions. this included completing throughout their global operations from renewable electricity conversions of our global froth-pak™ spray foam and north american by 2050. dupont joined in 2021. styrofoam™ brand xps insulation products. dupont was recognized as one of the 2024 american chemical society heroes of chemistry • the alliance to save energy is a coalition of business, government, awardees for our work to reduce our products’ embodied carbon. we environmental, and consumer leaders in the u.s. advocating to were also selected as a finalist for the 2024 world sustainability awards’ advance federal energy efficiency policy. carbon reduction award. • the semiconductor climate consortium is an outgrowth of the semi an important success factor for reducing emissions while driving sustainability initiative and is the first global, ecosystem-wide effort site-level ownership and engagement is our bold energy plan. we to advance the semiconductor industry’s response to the challenge continued to reduce emissions through this program, which leverages of climate change. the consortium collaborates on tools to assist a global, cross-business team of site energy champions to improve in reporting and evaluating ghg emissions. dupont joined as a energy efficiency and reduce ghg emissions in our facilities. in 2024, founding member in 2022. we identified a portfolio of 40 projects expected to achieve a reduction of 7,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (mtcoe) in scopes 1 • apple’s supplier clean energy program is a commitment to use 2 and 2 emissions, along with a decrease in energy consumption of 13,000 100% renewable electricity, including certificates, in the manufacture megawatt-hours (mwh). process optimization was the leading area of of all products for apple. dupont has participated since 2022. improvement in 2024. 25 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices case study case study case study groundwater cooling solutions use of biomethane taiwan site won two awards in sasakami, japan in manufacturing at the 2024 taiwan continuous improvement awards our manufacturing site in sasakami, japan, is prone to high in 2019, the qingpu site in shanghai, china, implemented a project temperatures in the summer months. as a new solution for to capture biomethane released from our on-site wastewater the dupont asia cmp manufacturing and technology center temperature management, we introduced groundwater cooling. treatment plant and utilize this gas to offset natural gas use in the team in jhunan, taiwan, represented dupont at the 2024 taiwan our groundwater cooling systems leverage the cooling capabilities site’s thermal oxidizer. this process reduced ongoing natural gas use continuous improvement awards (tcia) and earned two awards for of the location’s abundant groundwater, which remains at a in the thermal oxidizer by roughly 20%. our sustainability efforts. the tcia is a prestigious event in taiwan. consistent temperature of 12–20º c year-round. it involves a rigorous six-month validation process; many companies compared to traditional air conditioning, the groundwater cooling compete for the awards. system uses 90% less electricity and reduces ghg emissions one of the awards recognized the team’s ghg reduction action plan. by 52 mt/year. this system has significantly improved the work initially, the team systematically identified areas for improvement, environment during the hot summer months, while also serving such as waste disposal, transportation, and facility energy efficiency. as a dehumidifier for the factory. then the team translated those ideas into an action plan that included recycling and remanufacturing solid recovered fuel and polyurethane tracks from waste. 26 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices transition to renewable electricity sources renewable electricity use (% of total electricity use) 100% at dupont, we view renewable electricity as an opportunity to create 80808%0%% of power to our operations in 2024 61% value for our customers and as an important element for meeting our was procured from renewable sources of grid electricity used to produce these products was from or through the purchase of recs emissions reduction goals. we align our renewable electricity strategy renewable sources through the purchase of recs: with specific businesses and products to decarbonize value chains. in 60606%0%% 2030 target global operations: 2024, 61% of our electricity was procured from renewable sources or through the purchase of renewable energy certificates (recs). we have exceeded our target to source 60% of electricity for our operations from renewable energy by 2030. 40404%0%% 66162%%2% more than 90% 55455%%5% 55785%8%% north american operations: 20202%0%% of the electricity used at our interconnect solutions manufacturing sites comes from renewable sources, 88%8%% including rec purchases 00%0%% 220022022222 220022023323 220022024424 27 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices cumulative impact of scopes 1 and 2 scopes 1 and 2 ghg emissions (millions of mtco e) 2 emissions reductions scope 1 ghg esmcssiosccspooieoppne1esg11hgghghggemeesmmcisosiipssiosesi ino2os nngsshg emissions, market-based scssoccpooeppe2e2g2hgghghggemeemmissiissiossiinoosnn(ssm((mmaraakrrekktee-btt--abbsaaessdee)dd)) impact on climate change is measured as cumulative emissions over many 4.404.0.0000 years. similarly, reductions have a cumulative benefit over many years. 66% reduction from 2019 our sbti-approved targets set the expectation for minimum annual baseline in 2024 reductions to meet the near-term target criteria and show progress aligned 1.011.1.0011 with the paris accord’s 1.5° c ambition. dupont’s accelerated scopes 1 and 2 2.022.0.0000 decarbonization has resulted in fewer cumulative emissions than projected 0.060.1.6611 2030 target by the 1.5° c pathway set by our sbti-approved 2030 target to align with 2.022.6.0066 0.0508..5588 1.411.1.4411 0.0506..5566 the paris accord. transition to low-carbon steam generation 0.0702..7722 0.0500..5500 000 the transition of steam generation from hydrocarbon fuels to zero- dupont’s early and aggressive climate action has allowed us to achieve 202220022222 202220032233 202220042244 carbon fuels remains a major challenge in reducing ghg emissions cumulative scopes 1 and 2 ghg emissions reductions 1.9 times greater and transitioning to a low-carbon economy. the solutions vary based than our near-term sbti-approved target’s 1.5° c pathway from 2019 to on technology readiness, supporting infrastructure, economic viability, 2030. by exceeding our 2030 climate goal early, we are on a clear path impact of early climate action (mtco e) and government policy. toward decarbonization in our operations and value chains. 2 scopes 1 and 2 ghg emissions at dupont, we believe the transition will occur in a series of actions over 17.6mm mtco e no emissions reductions from baseline emissions reductions expected to achieve many decades. we completed the first actions by ending the use of coal sbti target and aligned with 1.5° c in steam generation across our operations in 2022. as of the end of 2024, 2 actual emissions (2019–2024) we have reduced our ghg emissions from coal-based steam generation 4.0mm projected to be eliminated by 2030 as a result of by 92% from a 2019 baseline, with the remaining emissions coming from best-in-class scopes 1 and 2 emissions reductions 3.0mm steam supplied by third-party utilities. we now primarily use natural gas to fuel our boilers. additionally, converting from natural gas to lower 1.9 times 2.0mm carbon fuels is being assessed based on value creation and cost savings. 1.0mm scopes 1 and 2 emissions results greater than expected reductions in scopes 1 and 2 emissions 0 compared to the 1.5° c pathway set by our sbti-approved o ou u r r 2 c 0 o 1 m 9 b b i a n s e e d li n sc e o . w pe e s a 1 l a s n o d r e 2 d e u m ce is d s i e o m ns is i s n io 2 n 0 s 2 b 4 y w 1 e 8 r % e f 6 r 6 o % m l t o h w e e p r r t io h r a n 2 2 0 0 3 19 0 – t 2 a 0 rg 24 et d t a o t a a l a ig n n d w pr i o th je t c h t e e d p a 2 r 0 is 2 5 a – c 2 c 0 o 3 rd 0 ( e b m as is e s d io o n n s ) actual 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 year. we’ve achieved a two-thirds reduction in scopes 1 and 2 ghg 2029 2030 emissions in just five years, and we are now focusing our efforts on addressing the remaining one-third. reducing ghg emissions along our value chains scope 3 emissions (millions of mtco e) 2 dupont partners with suppliers and customers to reduce ghg emissions scope 3 emissions for categories 1 and 12 included in the sbti-approved reduction target ssccosopcpeoep3e3e3emmeismisssiiosiosninsosnfofsorfroccraatcetaegtgoeorgiroeiersise11saan1ndadn1d212i1n2inciclnulcudldeuedddeindintinhthete.h...e..... along our value chains. reducing our scope 3 emissions delivers sssccocospopecp eo3e pe3me3eis3emsmieoinsmisss siieosixoscnilnusosdneinesxgxce cclxualcutdeldgiunoidnrgiiegnsc gc1a aatcnetadeg tg1oe2orgiroeiersise11saan1ndadn1d21212 considerable business benefits while creating value for our customers 1212.01.02.0 111.18.181.8 through our commitment to support their emissions reduction targets. 111.11.111.1 in 2024, our total scope 3 ghg emissions were 5.6 million mtcoe, 2 which represents approximately 85% of dupont’s total emissions across all three scopes. our most significant categories of scope 3 emissions are 88.0.08.0 7.71.17.1 category 1: purchased goods and services and category 12: end-of-life 55.6.65.6 treatment of sold products. 44.0.04.0 in 2024, we reduced our scope 3 emissions from purchased goods and services and end-of-life of sold products from the 2020 baseline by 60%, continuing to surpass our 2030 sbti-approved goal of 25% reduction. this year, we put significant effort into improving the accuracy of our 00 0 202022220222 202022320323 202022420424 calculation methods for category 1. we collected data for purchased raw materials by engaging suppliers through our together for the planet supplier engagement program. total ghg emissions and scope 3 by category (millions of mtco e) 2 63% purchased goods and services 5.6 10% scope 3 end-of-life treatment of sold products 0.56 9% scope 2 fuel and energy-related activities 9% 0.50 upstream transportation and distribution scope 1 8% other 2 3 e 1 e p e p o p o c o c s c s s 6 6 5 5 5. 0. 0. 28 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 60% reduction of emissions related to categories 1 and 12 from the 2020 baseline in 2024 2030 target[1] identifying, assessing, and managing our climate risks we’re continuing on a journey to identify, assess, manage, and disclose our climate-related physical and transition risks, in addition to our opportunities. [1] the sbti-approved 2030 target for scope 3 emissions reductions is focused solely on reducing emissions from purchased goods and services (category 1) and end-of-life of sold products (category 12). climate risk management is integrated with our enterprise risk management process. responding to stakeholder expectations for increased transparency, we provide detailed disclosure of our climate risk management process aligned with the recommendations of the tcfd in the appendices of this report, as well as through our response to the annual cdp climate survey, on which we received a score of a- in 2024. in 2024, we piloted scenario analysis within one of our business lines. 63% purchased goods and services this initiative was part of our broader efforts to enhance climate 6.7mm 10% end-of-life treatment of sold produtcrtasnsition planning and align with industry expectations. the results scope 3 by category 9% fuel and energy-related activities of the scenario analysis were a valuable input to the business line’s mtco 2 e 9 % upstream transportation and distribusttriaotengy discussions, helping the business understand potential climate- 8% other related risks and opportunities that could impact it in the future. the results may also be used to inform decision-making and improve the business line’s resilience to climate impacts. dupont plans to expand the use of scenario analysis across the enterprise in 2025. 29 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices innovating solutions to enable decarbonization a case study published by the world business council for sustainable climate benefits are a sustainability driver for each of our businesses. development showcases dupont’s commitment to avoided we engage and innovate with our customers and value chains to emissions through our innovation in water treatment membranes. develop products with low embodied carbon that help customers meet filmtec™ bw30 pro-400 reverse osmosis elements help global their climate targets. by prioritizing decarbonization, we not only reduce customers reduce their energy consumption and emissions. our own climate impact and improve resilience but also empower our customers to meet their climate goals. our spruance manufacturing site (richmond, va) partnered we advance our innovations for decarbonization in several key markets, with a gas supplier in a new business arrangement to including building materials, advanced mobility, and water treatment. reduce carbon emissions through a carbon capture process some examples of our innovation for decarbonization include: and captured over 14,000 mtcoe in 2024. 2 our betaforce™ elastic and structural adhesive technology, which tyvek® with renewable attribution, which is used for healthcare packaging, offers a enables sustainable manufacturing of next-generation electric significantly reduced carbon footprint. this reduction is enabled by the partial replacement vehicles, won a 2024 r&d 100 award in the mechanical/materials of fossil fuel feedstock with certified bio-circular feedstock during the production of raw category. the technology was also recognized for its sustainability materials used in tyvek® manufacturing. this is achieved through the mass balance benefits, including formulation with 30% weight bio-based materials approach in accordance with the international sustainability and carbon certification and a room-temperature curing system, which simplifies assembly (iscc) plus. these products support a circular economy while also reducing emissions. processes by eliminating the need for high-temperature curing. great stuff™ wide spray, a one-component foam sealant, contributes to home energy efficiency. a tightly sealed home printing & packaging — cyrel® lightning lfh can reduce heating and cooling costs by 30%. this foam expands flexographic printing plates are optimized for uv up to one inch, delivering a durable, weather-resistant seal that led exposure and thermal cyrel® fast printing covers larger gaps and hard-to-reach spaces. designed for ease technology, which has a 48% lower gwp impact of use, our innovative formula eliminates complex setup, mixing, compared to digital solvent processing. coveralls, and respirators — saving users time and money. 3300 dduuppoonntt 22002255 ssuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy rreeppoorrtt introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices leading water stewardship accomplishments in 2024 filmtec™ nanofiltration (nf) membrane named "best implementer of amberlite™ p2x110 ion exchange resin portfolio received the 2024 sustainable un sdg 6: water for all" by the received a sustainability product of the year technology of the year award at the global international desalination and award by business intelligence group and a sustainability & esg awards hosted by reuse association. 2025 silver edison award™ for its technology sustainability live. to produce green hydrogen from water. 9 >13mm 5mm of 15 targeted sites have begun people have improved drinking people are expected to receive water and/or sanitation implementing the alliance for water water access or quality since 2019 access between 2023 and 2029 through a collective stewardship international water due to critical water treatment impact investment in waterequity’s global access stewardship standard and 3 have expansions or upgrades using fund iv with starbucks, ecolab, gap, reckitt, and the fully completed implementation. dupont technology. u.s. international development finance corporation. dupont water solutions technical seminar, tarragona, spain 31 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices delivering innovative the variety of awards and recognition from third parties across our product lines validates the impact water technology of our innovative solutions. deliver innovative water solutions for our water stewardship examples of how our team is delivering innovative technology solutions for in our operations customers water technology solutions for our customers include: our customers and local watersheds • purify, conserve, and reuse some of the world’s • filmtec™ hypershell™ nf245xd nanofiltration dupont’s water technologies are helping to purify • implement holistic water hardest-to-treat waters with high-performing elements help reduce the volume of water more than 50 million gallons of water every minute strategies at sites in membrane and ion exchange resin innovations consumed during dairy processing and offer in 112 countries across the world. high-risk watersheds and increased efficiency for dairy processors, • improve water treatment operations’ impacts at high-consumption sites dupont offers a broad technology portfolio including 20% longer service time and up with new technologies, application know-how, • participate in public-private of membranes, resins, and complete systems to 10% greater productivity. and digital tools partnerships to improve water to address a variety of water and wastewater resiliency in select watersheds • amberlite™ ev2x resin is designed to remove challenges faced by municipalities, industrial impurities created during the operation of water users, and the energy sector. dupont leads elements of our e-mobility applications and extend the lifetime in water purification, conservation, and reuse of an electric vehicle’s glycol coolant and ion technologies, leveraging our deep understanding water stewardship exchange filter. of customer challenges to drive engagement and collaborative innovation. by focusing on sustainable • amberlite™ p2x110 ion exchange resin supports strategy solutions, we effectively address our customers’ the production of hydrogen from water. this critical water issues while enhancing our business newly available ion exchange resin is designed for value and gaining valuable insights. the available the unique water chemistry of electrolyzer loops. range of technologies enables a tailored "treat-for- purpose" approach to water management, which • by combining integratec™ ultrafiltration helps address the growing demand for freshwater enable a water-optimized world modules with filmtec™ fortilife™ cr100 reverse by unlocking unconventional sources, such as osmosis elements, we are helping industrial • collaborate to increase water access wastewater, while minimizing the impact on energy water users practice minimal liquid discharge. consumption and waste generation. • advocate for sustainable management for example, with this combination, kohinoor of water resources textile mills limited in pakistan achieved 85% • share knowledge to grow the water recovery, reduced energy consumption, global water sector’s capabilities and lowered operating costs. integratec™ hollow fiber ultrafiltration membranes 32 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices water stewardship in our aligning our strategy to the alliance for water stewardship international in 2024, the sites operating in high-risk watersheds water stewardship standard (aws standard), signing and committing were responsible for only 2% of dupont’s total operations and local watersheds to the wash4work pledge, and engaging with groups like aws and water withdrawal and 2% of our total consumption. the water resilience coalition provide a framework to manage our we believe that water stewardship is critical. we endeavor to own water risks and collaborate with others to promote long-term water withdrawal (millions of gallons) responsibly manage water at our sites and within the watersheds in water security outside of our fence lines. which we operate for three key reasons: high-risk areas non high-risk areas high-riskareas nonhigh-riskareas across dupont, we use water for several purposes: to cool process • we understand that responsible water management helps protect equipment, as a solvent, as a production ingredient, and for sanitary 25,000 our local watersheds and ecosystems to create water resilience in uses. most of the water used in our operations is returned to local 399 401 411 20,000 a changing environment. watersheds following appropriate treatment (either on-site or through publicly owned treatment works). in 2024, we consumed 11% of the 15,000 • water stewardship minimizes business risk and enhances our ability water we withdrew. water consumption includes water used as an to maintain the reliability of our operations. ingredient in products or lost to evaporation or waste streams. 10,000 20,300 20,300 19,200 • our customers and stakeholders increasingly expect strong water in 2024, we continued to implement holistic water stewardship 5,000 stewardship practices. strategies at high-consumption sites or at sites in high-risk watersheds. of our approximately 110 manufacturing sites worldwide, we’ve 0 identified a group of 15 sites that either operate in high-risk watersheds 2022 2023 2024 or are among those with the highest water consumption. water consumption (millions of gallons) 9 high-risk areas non high-risk areas hhighighigh-rh-irs-ikrsiksakraeraaersaesas nnononnohnhighighihg-rh-irs-ikrsiksakraeraaersaesas of 15 targeted sites have started implementing a holistic 101,001,0000,00000 water strategy 8,80,0080,00000 3 6,60,0060,00000 4,40,0040,00000 sites have fully implemented holistic water strategies 515151 404040 494949 2,02,0020,00000 2,25,025,005000 2,23,023,003000 2,210,2100,1000 000 202202220222 202202320323 202202420424 33 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices case study case study holistic water strategies at dupont wastewater reduced through improved manufacturing sites in taihu lake, china equipment cleaning processes in cheonan, korea taihu lake, located within the yangtze river catchment in china, is designated as an at-risk watershed due two years ago, approximately 0.30 kilograms (kg) of wastewater was generated while producing 1 kg of product to high susceptibility to flooding and elevated risks to the water supply and water quality for the surrounding during semiconductor materials manufacturing at our cheonan, korea, site — primarily from equipment cleaning communities. the three dupont sites located in the region have completed stage 3 assessments for holistic water processes. recognizing an opportunity to improve, the operations team took action to reduce water usage and strategies in the aws standard. all three sites identified various best practices to implement and tailored projects improve waste management. by refining cleaning methods and adopting more effective cleaning chemicals, to their unique operational needs. the team successfully reduced the amount of water required to clean equipment. they also improved disposal efficiency by separating hazardous and non-hazardous waste streams. as a result, wastewater generation dropped in just three years, each site achieved major reductions in water consumption, with reductions ranging from 45% to 0.22 kg/1 kg of product produced in 2024 — a 37% reduction. to 58% compared to the 2021 baseline. the sites also completed 11 separate implementation projects focused on process optimization, the 4r principles (reduce, reuse, repurpose, and recycle), and wash (water, sanitation, and these changes led to a total volume reduction of approximately 233,000 gallons of wastewater in 2024, hygiene) enhancements. and approximately 290,000 gallons since the project started. this achievement reflects the cheonan team’s commitment to operational efficiency and environmental responsibility, driving more holistic water stewardship. 34 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices enabling a water-optimized world through advocacy, knowledge sharing, and collaboration toward water access advocacy knowledge sharing collaboration toward water access we advocate for the sustainable management we help advance the global water sector’s water of water resources for domestic, industrial, and treatment knowledge through our water academy we aim to increase water access through impactful agricultural applications. our water advocacy webinar trainings and a variety of digital tools. investments of time, technology, and resources. efforts focus on a treat-for-purpose approach that promotes the adoption of water reuse increase access to knowledge investing in water access through solutions to balance quantity and quality. with minerva ai chatbot waterequity and water.org continued support for the city water index dupont developed minerva, a generative ai chatbot, to make knowledge and dupont invested in waterequity’s global access fund iv, which focuses on technical information about our water solutions technologies more accessible increasing access to water, sanitation, and hygiene for 5 million people in developed by economist impact and supported by dupont water solutions, to our customers and members of the global water sector. minerva instantly emerging markets. dupont also helped 10,000 people access safe water and the city water index examines the water optimization potential for an array finds and synthesizes an answer to the user’s query, while offering embedded sanitation through our partnership with and philanthropic gift to water.org. of cities. leveraging the data collected through the city water index, dupont source references for deeper study. customers can also engage with minerva supported new insights into city water resilience in the european union (eu) driving climate-resilient water access in a wide range of languages, increasing access to dupont’s knowledge. and shared how industrial water users can contribute to city water resilience. for more than 35,000 people in africa introducing the water solutions ceo water mandate and water resilience coalition since the start of a multi-year collaboration with childfund international sustainability navigator and help for the massai, dupont has provided system design, skills-based as a signatory of the ceo water mandate and member of the water in 2024, we officially launched the water solutions sustainability navigator, volunteerism, technology donations, and funding in order to provide access resilience coalition, we commit to continuous improvement in six core a tool that enables customers to compare how different water treatment to safe water in rural communities in tanzania and kenya. areas of water stewardship: direct operations, supply chain and watershed scenarios impact sustainability indicators, including carbon emissions, management, collective action, public policy, community engagement, and flow of life celebration chemicals used, wastewater produced, solid waste generated, and land needed. transparency. the calculations for each indicator metric were verified by an independent third in shenzhen, china, dupont collaborated with deepdive and the npi promoting water resilience at eu green week party to be in conformance with the respective environmental iso standard. foundation to celebrate world water day 2024 and educate the community on the value of protecting natural water resources. engaging almost dupont participated in eu green week, with our chief technology and wave pro for ultrafiltration modeling 400,000 members of the community, the week-long event included a water sustainability officer participating in a panel discussion on the importance dupont launched wave pro, a powerful online modeling tool for a variety of photography competition, presentations in schools, salon lectures for adults, of water resilience in europe. during the panel, she shared how dupont is ultrafiltration (uf) water treatment applications — including drinking water, rowing competitions on the local river, and a community water carnival. developing innovative water treatment technologies to unlock alternative industrial utility water, wastewater, and seawater desalination. the tool’s sources of water and help create a sustainable water future across europe. robust calculation engine allows users to run complex designs with high accuracy, helping water treatment planners design systems that maximize productivity and streamline operations. 3355 dduuppoonntt 22002255 ssuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy rreeppoorrtt introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices enabling a circular economy accomplishments in 2024 ~1,100 established the tyvek® sustainable healthcare packaging awards to recognize companies in the healthcare industry employees trained through participation in our virtual circular economy focused on sustainable packaging made with tyvek® and learning seminars focused on the four elements of our circularity approach. drive sustainability throughout the packaging life cycle. proactively addressed evolving regulatory requirements and cyrel® launched its innovative easy fast efm photopolymer managed risks associated with packaging and extended producer plates, which are optimized to deliver excellent print results on responsibility (epr) with a global packaging/epr task force. a wide variety of paper substrates, including recycled paper. launched tyvek® with renewable attribution, liveo™ named a top finalist for attained international sustainability which uses certified bio-circular feedstock via the circular transition award and carbon certification (iscc) plus at the mass balance approach to significantly at the reuters events global the tyvek® manufacturing facilities in reduce healthcare packaging’s carbon footprint. sustainability awards 2024. richmond, virginia and luxembourg. dupont cyrel® receives outstanding performance award from esko 36 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices enabling a optimize our circular culture manufacturing processes design circular products source circular raw materials in 2024, we continued to invest in a circular dupont integrates waste management into economy learning culture across our organization its environmental, health, and safety (eh&s) • collaborate with our customers • develop partnerships with strategic to support increasing demands from our management system to ensure implementation on circular process and design customers and suppliers to scale circular businesses, customers, and regulatory agencies. of the 4r (reduce, reuse, repurpose, and recycle) opportunities opportunities for critical raw materials waste management program. since 2022, dupont • increase circular lca and product • prioritize sourcing and use of 40 has aimed to have 4r waste management and marketing claims competency low-carbon, recycled, and bio-based reduction programs implemented at all our sites raw materials by 2030. we’re proud to announce that by the • implement robust traceability employees participated in a compressed end of 2024, 96% of our sites had 4r programs in and certification practices ideation contest for circularity initiatives in place. to achieve this, our teams partnered with our our industrial solutions business. several businesses and customers to identify opportunities our approach to of the submissions have progressed to to develop and deliver technical solutions that circular economy business development assessments, simultaneously reduce waste to landfill and realize and sustainability capabilities were built financial or societal benefits. across our organization. 96% ~1,100 recover and reprocess optimize our materials at end-of-use (to manufacturing processes of our sites had 4r programs in place employees attended virtual interactive enable circular value chains) in 2024 • design efficient processes circular economy learning seminars • collaborate with strategic customers, • maximize yield and minimize losses throughout the year. presented by dupont suppliers, and third parties to in our manufacturing operations practitioners, topics included: establish fully circular value chains • continue driving 4r waste • circular product case studies; • promote product take back, reduction opportunities (reduce, • life cycle assessment (lca) for reverse logistics, and material reuse, repurpose, and recycle) circular product marketing claims; reprocessing capabilities • mass balance accounting and certifications; and • recycling partnerships. vespel® parts and shapes 37 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices source circular raw materials case study recognizing the importance of collaboration throughout the value chain tyvek® sustainable to achieve circularity objectives, we have focused on activating our healthcare packaging awards value chain through industry-specific forums. some of these specialized industry associations include: in 2024, dupont launched the tyvek® sustainable healthcare packaging awards, encouraging thought leadership and collaboration across the value chain. winners in our inaugural year include: the iscc association (iscc e.v.) is the legally registered body responsible for the governance and strategic development of iscc. the association promotes the sustainable production of biomass, circular, and bio-based packaging (re)design operational efficiencies sustainability in-use materials and renewables. paxxus designed the streamtwo® pouch to shawpak developed an innovative rotary utilizing cutting-edge uv laser technology address the demand for a recycle-ready solution thermoformer designed to accept multiple tool and 2fs™ tyvek® material, flexform generates in the medical device market. one side of the and pack sizes, and form both rigid and flexible high-speed permanent packing marks pouch is made from uncoated tyvek®, chosen for blisters. this cutting-edge technology allows including text, graphics, barcodes, and variable its durability, breathability, and recyclability. the tyvek® to be easily paired with rigid or flexible information without the use of combustible tyvek® is paired with a coextruded hdpe film and materials — facilitating single-piece flow for materials. their process allows for more as a founding member of the healthcare plastics recycling council paxxus’ allegro® t sealant, creating an all-hdpe assembly and packaging of medical devices efficiency, less waste, and environmental (hprc), dupont has played a leading role in advancing circularity by pouch structure that is recycle-ready for the #2 in a clean room environment. responsibility, as ink and ribbon printing continuing to lead pilots in multiple regions to explore healthcare hdpe stream. can render packaging unfit for recyclability. packaging recycling. in 2024, the tyvek® healthcare packaging team was represented at the national test centre circular plastics in the netherlands for a pilot study of new ways to sort and recycle uncontaminated healthcare packaging waste. 38 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices design circular products recover and reprocess materials at end-of-use (to enable circular value chains) dupont is designing for circular products by integrating circular economy principles into its business models, conducting life cycle assessments, and developing innovative solutions. at dupont, we’re collaborating with strategic customers to recapture valuable materials at end-of-use. case study case study case study case study setting a new standard cyrel® easy fast liveo™ named recycling race for sustainable efm plate enables finalist for circular numbers and bibs airplane cabins with printing on more transition award made with tyvek® kevlar® honeycomb paper substrates liveo™ was named among the top finalists j.p. morgan singapore launched a racing bibs for the circular transition award at reuters recycling program during their corporate the new diehl aviation eco sidewall meets in 2024, cyrel® launched its innovative easy events global sustainability awards challenge event in singapore to reinforce the stringent mechanical, weight, and fire fast efm photopolymer plates, which are 2024. the business was recognized for its their commitment to sustainability. this requirements of the aviation industry through optimized to deliver excellent print results on liveo™ recycling program in partnership initiative encourages runners to return their the use of innovative materials and intelligent, a wide variety of paper substrates, including with ecousa. the recycling program is tyvek® bibs to designated collection bins, load-optimized design. instead of glass fibers, recycled paper. with the transition to more anticipated to progressively reduce the supported by a recycling facilitator, which the eco sidewall uses 9% basaltic bio-based sustainable packaging sources, including landfilling and incineration of waste from our enables the transformation of these bibs prepregs and a kevlar® honeycomb core, paper and cardboard, cyrel® efm plate healthcare manufacturing plant in hemlock, into new materials such as wood plastic significantly reducing the carbon footprint offerings continue to enable the industry michigan, by more than 90%. since april composite (wpc) flooring and fencing. of production. additionally, the application transition to a more sustainable future. the 2022, our project has diverted over 2.3 million of innovative manufacturing processes cuts product’s impact was recognized with the pounds of scrap silicones from landfills. prepreg waste by 33%. prestigious indian flexible packaging and folding carton manufacturers association (ifca) star award 2024 in the "innovations leading to sustainability" category. 39 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices mitigating the risks associated with packaging case study case study changing packaging materials 6.5 million pounds of packaging for semiconductor polishing pads diverted from landfill through recycling program in cyrel® solutions business at our site in cheonan, korea, a project team was created to investigate alternative packaging materials for dupont polishing pads used by customers for chemical mechanical planarization (cmp) in semiconductor fabrication. in 2024, the cyrel® business, in collaboration with our pallet provider the nelson company, diverted 6.5 million the team conducted an lca to evaluate the potential benefits of replacing the existing disposable polyethylene pounds of packaging from landfills through recycling, repair and reuse, and selective disposal alternatives. materials used in cmp pad packaging with alternatives that are primarily paper- and cardboard-based. based on the lca study, the team switched to cardboard covers and paper inner linings. since 2008, dupont has partnered with the nelson company to manage the collection of our corrugated boxes, wooden pallets, and other packaging materials across north america and canada. their expertise, combined this transition has led to a reduction of 4.8 mtcoe of emissions annually. the new packaging benefits customers, 2 with the support of our dupont packaging procurement team and our main corrugated packaging supplier, demonstrating better product protection during shipping due to minimized movement of the product in transit. in international paper, has enabled us to effectively sort and inspect recyclable packaging materials and repair addition, it improves workplace safety due to simplified work processes in packing and unpacking the cmp pads. reusable packaging materials, further facilitating a circular economy. in addition to packaging, the nelson company also ensures that various materials used in our cyrel® plates are recycled, repurposed, or reused where possible, or are utilized to produce energy through thermal conversion. 4400 dduuppoonntt 22002255 ssuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy rreeppoorrtt introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices innovating safe and sustainable by design accomplishments in 2024 20 14 innovative products commercialized that avoided or eliminated substances of very high concern (svhc) eliminated the use of substances of concern (soc). from our product portfolio through the successful implementation of soc phase-out plans. launched uv™ 26gnf photoresist, our first commercial photoresist which substitutes traditional fluorine-containing photoacid generators with a non-fluorine alternative, designed to replace 41 per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (pfas) in semiconductor manufacturing. r&d projects funded to phase out soc in targeted products and applications, and 84 soc assessments resulted in recommendations to eliminate, minimize, or replace soc molykote® p-3700 anti-seize paste was recognized by the european within products and applications. chemical industry council (cefic) as an environmentally friendly lubricant because of its safe and sustainable by design (ssbd) profile. increased transparency through a strengthened soc received the 2024 clepa (european association of automotive chemical management policy and by publishing our suppliers) top innovator award in the green product category for progress on soc performance indicators. our betatech™ thermal interface material that is diisocyanate-free. automotive center of excellence, auburn hills, mi 41 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices empowering our across our innovation portfolio, our strategy includes: issbd culture • investing in research for alternatives to support targeted soc phase-out plans; empower the culture achieving our ambition starts with empowering a utilize policy and governance • avoiding or minimizing the use of substances of • avoid or minimize use of soc in culture that innovates with a keen focus on product very high concern (svhc), including persistent, the design of new products • identify and mitigate sustainability risks safety and sustainability in the design phase during new product development. since launching our bio-accumulative, and endocrine-disrupting • engage with suppliers to early in new product development innovating safe and sustainable by design (issbd) substances as intentional ingredients or as advance the safety and • execute soc phase-out and goal in 2021, we’ve made significant progress by impurities, where safe and more sustainable sustainability of procured inputs sustainability improvement utilizing our soc chemical management policy to alternatives exist; • integrate cross-functional plans for existing products assess and mitigate soc risk. expertise to discover and verify • utilize transparency to drive trust • using newly developed issbd tools aligned with sustainable alternatives and recognition of societal benefits the sustainability expectations of our customers in 2024, we took steps to increase transparency to design new products while also anticipating by publishing our progress on soc performance potential impacts from future regulation; and indicators and by increasing the level of detail our approach to innovating safe and in product disclosures. we also began taking a • proactively evaluating our entire product sustainable by design critical look at waste management practices to portfolio against an soc list of more than 8,000 go beyond regulation as it relates to disposal of substances, including carcinogens; mutagens; wastes containing soc. increasing our transparency reproductive toxicants; substances classified as provides substantial business value by building trust or considered potential endocrine disruptors and credibility with customers and stakeholders, impacting human health and the environment; enabling informed decision-making, and ultimately substances that meet the eu criteria for innovate for sustainable driving long-term competitive advantage. persistent, mobile, toxic, and bio-accumulative competitive advantage (pbt/pmt, vpvb, vpvm) substances; substances • leverage portfolio sustainability assessment with single target organ toxicity (single and to drive continuous product improvement repeated exposure); and chronic aquatic toxicants that may be present as intentionally added • design products with safe and sustainable attributes ingredients or impurities at concentrations equal to support our customers’ sustainability goals to or greater than 0.01% in our products. • develop products that help support the safety and critical functioning of society using these principals organic light-emitting diode (oled) displays 42 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices utilizing policy and governance product stewardship reviews at dupont, we utilize our strong legacy practices in process safety central to the ps&r management system are product stewardship (ps) management (psm), as well as our product stewardship and reviews. as part of our ps reviews, a cross-functional team of business, regulatory (ps&r) management system, to ensure that the products science/technology, and regulatory subject matter experts use the ps&r we commercialize are safe and sustainable. some actions that best management system protocols to assess and address the impact of any demonstrate our commitment include: new, or modified, products or processes. • assigning a designated corporate soc leader; all new and existing products, applications, and services undergo detailed ps reviews assessing: • assessing the use of soc in each raw material through periodic and new product risk reviews, reviewing 100% of our product portfolio • health, safety, and environmental impacts; over a span of three years; • transportation risks; • assessing our portfolio for the presence of intentionally added ingredients or impurities that are persistent and bio-accumulative • risks during customer use based on the chemical, physical, and and identifying phase-out plans; biological impacts of substances; • conducting annual reviews with corporate leadership focused • food supply and land use impacts when bio-based materials are used; specifically on soc; • toxicology data, environmental fate, and the impacts of worker and • including soc phase-out plans in our research and development customer exposure; and (r&d) investment reviews; and • the availability of safe and more sustainable alternatives. • incorporating customer preferences, future regulatory landscape ps reviews focus on the full product life cycle, from product design to considerations, and public perception in our risk assessments and customer use to disposal. based on the results of a ps review, we decide investment decisions. whether to continue developing or modifying a product, application, built on the framework of the american chemistry council responsible service, or process. if the findings from a ps review identify a negative care® product safety code and the international council of chemical impact, the product or process is either redesigned or discontinued. associations’ responsible care principles, every business applies our commitment to safety and sustainability to assess and manage potential risks and identify continuous improvement opportunities. our ps&r management system is reviewed annually to ensure continuous automotive center of excellence, auburn hills, mi performance improvement throughout the organization. 43 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices product transparency and labeling safe handling and use of products is foundational to product safety. dupont’s ps&r management system ensures compliance with global and local safety data sheet (sds) and labeling information requirements. we continue to increase product transparency through enhanced documentation and public disclosure, including through publishing sustainability and transparency declarations, reporting on soc metrics, achieving product certifications, and disclosing compositional information for the products in our portfolio. case study semiconductor manufacturing — high-performance photoresist with non-fluorinated photoacid generator people highlight lithography is a key process in semiconductor fabrication where intricate understanding of the importance of non-fluorinated lithographic materials, lisa massaro-kustuch received patterns are transferred onto the semiconductor wafer. dupont is pursue derogation for essential use, and implement a long-term substitution the 2024 distinguished leadership empowering customers to begin substituting per- and polyfluoroalkyl strategy through innovation. award from the center for the substances (pfas) in the lithography process with ssbd innovations that other ssbd innovations for semiconductor fabrication include: polyurethanes industry (cpi) for continue to meet and exceed the high-performance requirements of her influential role in discussions semiconductor fabricators. • ikonic™ 3681 polishing pads for chemical mechanical planarization with the california department of (cmp), which have a low-chlorine formulation and demonstrate better one of the first steps in this journey was the development of a novel class toxic substances control (dtsc) throughput and yield; of non-fluorinated photoacid generators (pags). combining our extensive concerning the safer consumer chemistry expertise with powerful computational modeling and digital products regulation for spray foam. • plasmasolv™ apec2100 post-etch residue remover successfully substitutes tools, we recently launched uv™ 26gnf photoresist, our first commercial since 2020, she has chaired cpi’s a hydroxylamine material to offer effective cleaning performance and photoresist that substitutes traditional fluorine-containing pags with a non- blowing agents workgroup and improve process safety in semiconductor fabrication; and fluorine alternative. played a vital role in developing a • new pcmpsolv™ post-cmp cleaners for advanced nodes eliminate the use code of practice for low-pressure the substitution of non-fluorinated lithographic materials is a journey of aggressive raw materials and are produced in higher concentrations, two-component spray polyurethane that will require time, investment, and innovation to sustainably meet the while also optimizing the manufacturing processes in support of our foam products, which was adopted technology challenges of next-generation semiconductors. collaboration circular economy goal. by canadian authorities in 2020. with customers, suppliers, consortia, and regulators is important to ensure an 44 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices case study case study case study early career board program molykote® p-3700 betatech™ thermal highlights the importance of anti-seize paste interface material cross-functional collaboration the molykote® business is continuously innovating and developing our betatech™ thermal interface material (tim) won the 2024 top for circular improvements products with ssbd profiles to help solve complex technical design innovator award in the green product category from the european and lubrication challenges. our molykote® p-3700 anti-seize paste association of automotive suppliers (clepa) for its diisocyanate-free, our early career board (ecb) program exemplifies our aim to advance is recognized by the european chemical industry council (cefic) as safer-by-design, thermal management solution for electric vehicle our sustainable by design culture at dupont. every year, a global an environmentally-friendly lubricant paste for bolted joints because battery systems. collection of cross-functional, early career professionals pursue projects of its ssbd profile with no intentional calcium, lead, nickel, sulfur, in electric vehicles (evs), higher-energy-density batteries create under the mentorship of business and technical leadership. these chlorine, or fluorine. thermal management challenges in safety and efficiency, requiring six-month projects help early career professionals develop business gas and steam turbines require routine maintenance to maintain effective thermal management. betatech™ tim is a novel solution skills while focusing on driving value creation for our customers. one reliable power generation. anti-seize pastes, or lubricants, help to that helps control heat in ev batteries by helping maintain optimal of our ecb groups developed a bio-based materials playbook and reduce friction and prevent corrosion, especially in high-temperature temperatures during both charging and operation. the material training content to assist in selecting safe and sustainable bio-based applications where materials are prone to wear. existing anti-seize demonstrates high thermal conductivity that facilitates superior inputs. the playbook offers the latest information on sources, costs, pastes support the formation of hexavalent chromium when used thermal management, extending battery lifetime and vehicle range and quality, aiding in the selection, testing, sourcing, and marketing on alloys containing chromium at temperatures above 500° c. while decreasing the chance of thermal runaway. of these materials. this ecb project has also helped ingrain the need with molykote® p-3700 anti-seize paste, a significant reduction in for the selection of safe and sustainable raw materials early in the clepa is the voice of the european automotive supply industry, hexavalent chromium formation was achieved on these chromium- commercialization framework. linking the sector to policy makers. it represents over 3,000 based alloys. companies supplying state-of-the-art components and innovative technology for safe, smart, and sustainable mobility. 4455 dduuppoonntt 22002255 ssuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy rreeppoorrtt introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices delivering world-class environmental, health, and safety performance accomplishments in 2024 achieved our safest year on record, 33% surpassing our previous record in 2023, based on the total recordable reduction in total tier 1 and tier 2 process safety events incident rate. from 2023. achieved 0 unrecovered plastic releases of 0.5 kg or dongguan, china site received the e.i. du pont safety excellence medal greater to the environment. through our operation clean for its unwavering commitment to safety culture and performance, sweep® blue commitment, we are dedicated to preventing recognizing more than 22 years of being tier 1 and tier 2 incident-free plastic loss from our operations and logistics partners. from fire, electrical, and process safety incidents (since 2003). 84% tyvek® 400 sfr awarded new product of the year in the protective apparel category by occupational of our manufacturing sites worked with zero recordable injuries or health & safety magazine. illnesses during 2024, and 26 sites qualified for the american chemistry open public presentation for military and council (acc) site safety awards. police officers, dupont offices in brazil 46 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices hazard identification not only protects our workforce but also fosters an environment where safety is a shared responsibility, and risk assessment leading to a significant reduction in incidents and injuries. our commitment to our life saving promoting operational our corporate environmental, health, and safety behaviors program improves productivity, reduces excellence (eh&s) management system mandates that all costs, ensures compliance, and cultivates a positive enhancing eh&s performance dupont sites conduct risk assessments with the culture, ultimately driving significant business value. • achieve safety performance that exceeds goal of encouraging proactive hazard identification industry benchmark and continually • achieve top quartile eh&s and mitigation. we document the risk identification drive to zero injuries, incidents, waste, performance through global 84% and assessment results and use them to guide the and emissions standardization development of eh&s objectives, plans, and risk • sustain certification of global • manage change effectively by control measures. a total of 78 of our manufacturing of dupont sites worked with zero manufacturing sites to iso 14001 and implementing fit-for-purpose sites are certified to environmental management recordable injuries or illnesses during 2024 responsible care management systems™ tools designed to meet current systems, including iso 14001 and rc14001. and future challenges 26 to encourage our employees to diligently identify and address risks, we launched our life saving elements of our behaviors program in october 2021. predicated sites qualified for the american chemistry eh&s strategy on the phrase "we will get home,” our life saving council (acc) site safety awards behaviors program engages and educates our employees on safety behaviors that allow us to go home to our loved ones every day. the ten life saving behaviors supplement and build on our existing high-risk activities and serious injury and nurturing a safe and fatality programs. engaged workforce in 2024, we completed the launch of all ten life • focus on reducing risks related to injuries, saving behavior campaigns. these campaigns have illnesses, incidents, and environmental impacts helped enhance safety awareness and educate our • ensure employees feel valued, safe, and sites and newly acquired facilities on life saving encouraged to engage in open dialog and behaviors. as a result of this proactive approach active listening and continuous engagement, in 2024, we surpassed 2023 as our safest year on record, reflecting a safety culture that prioritizes risk identification and filmtec™ reverse osmosis filtration element mitigation. our life saving behaviors program 47 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices eh&s incident reporting process safety events[5] and performance tier 1 tier 2 tier1 tier2 15 our eh&s event classification, investigation, and reporting standard 12 requires employees to report eh&s incidents and any associated symptoms, injuries, or illnesses, including near misses. 10 9 employee and contractor health and 2022 2023 2024 6 safety performance[1] 11 7 days away from work cases (dawc)[2] 7 8 10 5 dawc rate 0.02 0.02 0.03 5 total recordable cases (trc)[3] 57 50 42 total recordable incident rate (trir)[4] 0.17 0.16 0.14 2 1 1 0 fatalities 0 0 0 case study 2022 2023 2024 launched safespec™ mobile [1] for additional details and complete disclosure, please see gri 403-9 work-related injuries. [2] dawc are work-related cases where an employee is unable to work due to a work-related injury or process safety event rate 2022 2023 2024 app in more than nine languages illness. tier 1 rate 0.003 0.006 0.003 [3] trc includes dawc, restricted workday cases, and medical treatment cases. [4] trir = (number of recordable cases x 200,000/number of exposure hours) in a given time period. tier 2 rate 0.033 0.022 0.017 in 2024, the tyvek® garments business launched a new global version of its safespec™ app. safespec™ is an online personal protective equipment (ppe) selector tool designed to help safety in 2024, dupont demonstrated outstanding performance by achieving managers and end users quickly identify appropriate protective a 33% reduction from 2023 in total tier 1 and tier 2 events. all six of the clothing through a user-friendly interface. tier 1 and tier 2 events in 2024 involved loss of primary containment with low severity factors. there were zero fire and zero explosion events the app utilizes customizable hazard parameters to recommend in 2024. chemical protective apparel suited for various environments, from cleanrooms to petrochemical plants, and streamlines the selection [5] tier 1 and tier 2 process safety events are classified according to american petroleum institute process on job sites. safespec™ features a comprehensive database of recommended practice 754. both tier 1 and tier 2 events begin with an unplanned or uncontrolled release of any material from a process, with tier 1 events resulting in either larger quantity or thousands of chemical threats, supports scenario testing and informed greater consequence than tier 2 events. decision making, saves searches for future reference, and facilitates our dongguan, china site received the e.i. du pont safety the sharing of recommendations as pdfs. in 2024, the garments excellence medal for its unwavering commitment to safety business also launched a safespec™ wechat mini-program version culture and performance, recognizing more than 22 years of to reach users in china via the most popular and preferred platform. being tier 1 and tier 2 incident-free from fire, electrical, and process safety incidents (since 2003). 48 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices progress total waste (metric tons)[1],[2],[3] 0 wastedivertedtobeneficialuse non-hazardous waste disposed hazardous waste disposed hazardouswastedisposed waste waste diverted to beneficial use non-hazardouswastedisposed unrecovered plastic releases of 0.5 kg or greater to the by 2030, we aim to have our 4r (reduce, reuse, repurpose, and recycle) environment. through our operation clean sweep® blue 400,000 waste management and reduction programs implemented at all our commitment, we are dedicated to preventing plastic loss to 327,000 314,000 manufacturing sites. for each site, we defined minimum expectations the environment from our operations and logistics partners. 281,000 63,000 for a 4r program, including the requirement for a site-level waste 61,000 reduction goal. 48,000 47,000 69,000 200,000 52,000 community resilience and engagement 96% 216,000 206,000 at dupont, we recognize that addressing environmental challenges 160,000 requires comprehensive and collaborative solutions. our commitment to these principles is deeply embedded in our core values, which prioritize of our sites had 4r programs in place in 2024 0 2022 2023 2024 safety, health, and the preservation of our planet. dupont values the principles of fair treatment and meaningful engagement in the [1] beneficial use of waste totals include both hazardous and non-hazardous volumes. development and implementation of environmental laws, regulations, [2] beneficial use of waste includes waste reused, recycled, reclaimed, and recovered. and policies. to support these principles, we routinely engage with [3] additional details on waste volumes and categories are included in gri 306-4 and 306-5. stakeholders to support our businesses and the communities we serve. the identification and prioritization of stakeholder concerns serves as other emissions the foundation for our engagement initiatives. our cross-functional as required by our eh&s management system, all dupont sites have team meets quarterly to assess risks and opportunities, monitor relevant processes and procedures in place to prevent, monitor, and mitigate developments, and evaluate our policies and procedures to ensure the impact of environmental releases. these processes and procedures alignment with our core values. cover releases to air, water, or land and ensure the accurate and timely reporting of incidents to the appropriate authorities to meet at our dupont sites, we leverage a wide range of proactive and reactive legal requirements and the expectations of stakeholders. in 2024, our engagement methods to foster dialogue with stakeholders, including emissions of nitrogen oxides were 547 metric tons (mt). emissions of community advisory panels (caps), proactive outreach initiatives, it devices donated sulfur oxides were 2 mt. emissions of volatile organic compounds were and employee volunteer events. these efforts create a platform 585 mt. emissions of ozone-depleting substances, as defined by the for discussing community concerns and priorities and promoting for the second year in a row, our it cares second life hardware program achieved its goal of donating 100% of reusable it montreal protocol, totaled to 1.3 mt of cfc-11e. emissions of particulate collaboration and mutual understanding. additionally, dupont sites devices. in 2024, 2,972 devices were donated to 74 nonprofit matter were 14 mt. organize volunteer events that inspire employees to dedicate their time organizations in 17 countries. and skills to local initiatives, cultivating a strong culture of service and community involvement. see our building thriving communities section for additional details on our community engagement activities. 49 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices nature and biodiversity dupont’s commitment to nature and biodiversity is embodied in our core value of protecting the planet and our environmental, health, safety, and security commitment, which includes protecting natural resources by driving toward zero waste and emissions. our eh&s management system contains numerous procedures designed to protect the environment and minimize potential ecosystem impacts. the elements of our sustainability strategy most connected to our impact on nature and biodiversity are leading water stewardship, case study case study acting on climate, and delivering sustainable innovation for our customers. in addition, we are working across our global manufacturing clear into the future® tyvek® 400 sfr awarded new sites to positively impact nature and biodiversity with more local efforts. supports river hero homes product of the year in protective our employee-led clear into the future® (citf) program awarded apparel by occupational health since 2021, dupont’s citf program has sponsored the james grants to nonprofits for 17 projects in seven countries in 2024. the citf & safety magazine river association’s river hero homes program, which promotes competitive grant and volunteerism program is held annually, with conservation and water stewardship to protect local waterways. awards going to nonprofits and educational institutions. these grants river hero homes educates richmond, virginia, residents about tyvek® 400 sfr is a lightweight secondary flame-resistant garment support projects that impact one or more of the following: climate stormwater runoff and empowers them to implement river-friendly designed to be worn over top of primary flame-resistant (fr) change adaptation and mitigation, water stewardship, circular economy, conservation practices, including using rain barrels, properly protective clothing. compared to traditional disposable secondary and/or biodiversity protection. the unique nature of citf often results in disposing of pet waste, using native plants in landscaping, and flame-resistant garments that have been available for years, tyvek® grantee programs creating positive impacts in close proximity to our sites. reducing the use of chemical fertilizers. the program educates 400 sfr is a differentiated multi-hazard garment solution, offering community members through workshops and webinars, and provides superior particle barrier protection and improved durability in a resources like rain barrels and native plants. we believe community lighter-weight fabric. participation in sustainability is an indispensable tool in safeguarding the health of the james river ecosystem for generations to come. by actively supporting river hero homes and its 1,825 household members, we demonstrate our commitment to environmental in 2024, citf won acc’s sustainability leadership sustainability and community resilience near our spruance manufacturing site. through initiatives like this and other citf award in the social responsibility and community grants, dupont fosters a culture of sustainability in our communities, engagement category. ensuring a brighter future for both people and the environment. 5500 dduuppoonntt 22002255 ssuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy rreeppoorrtt introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices empower people to thrive we encourage our world-class talent across all businesses and functions our people: cultivating well-being and inclusivity to use their passion and experience to help communities across the globe thrive. our company purpose and core values drive behaviors that support our sustainability strategy, position us for long-term growth, encourage engagement with our communities, and help make us an employer of choice. at the core of our mission is a steadfast commitment to empower individuals to reach their full potential, both within our organization and in the communities where we operate. we firmly believe that by fostering a supportive and inclusive workplace, we enable our workforce to thrive professionally and personally. this empowerment is essential — it enhances job satisfaction, boosts productivity, and cultivates a culture of innovation. our communities: building thriving communities our employees best serve our customers, investors, and communities when they feel a strong sense of well-being and fulfillment, which we offer through challenging development opportunities, an equitable and inclusive environment, and meaningful work that can positively impact the world. 5511 dduuppoonntt 22002255 ssuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy rreeppoorrtt introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices our people: cultivating well-being and inclusivity accomplishments in 2024 95% 9 years 89% of mentees and 92% of mentors indicated of being named a best place to of employees indicated that they do work that our company-wide mentoring program work for disability inclusion; that matters, and in 2024, we achieved is a good investment of time. 93% of earned a score of 100% on our highest ever participation rate in our mentees made at least one behavior disability:in and aapd’s disability annual impact employee survey. change as a result of mentoring discussions. equality index in the u.s. achieved the great place to 80% of employees reported positively founding member of the semi foundation’s work certification™ in the u.s. on our engagement index, representing semiconductor professionals for respect, and south korea, and recognized a strong connection to our mission and inclusion, diversity, and equity (pride) initiative. as a top employer in china for the company culture and overall satisfaction. third consecutive year, validating the score remains stable even with the effectiveness of our well- our intended separation, reflecting launched winning our way, a new global being and fulfillment programs. the enduring strengths of our culture employee recognition program. regardless of circumstance. celebrating "great place to work" certification, seoul, korea 52 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices the value of a through the dupont career pathways site, we opportunity encourage employees at all levels to explore new career at dupont opportunities, networks, and career paths. as of • professional development december 2024, we have documented the real-life and career growth through our “my why” framework, we inspire career paths of over 100 current dupont employees • competitive rewards and each employee to embrace their unique journey to support career exploration and networking. recognition and unlock their full potential. to enable our people to thrive both personally and professionally, we take a personalized approach to career we provide personalized growth opportunities, development. we engage our employees in ongoing foster positive relationships, and help individuals dialogue regarding performance and provide them find meaning in their work and make impactful with career planning resources and tools, including an contributions to their communities. internal portal to explore job opportunities tailored to their interests and skills and a full suite of educational we understand that personal and professional well- and training resources. we help our employees being are interconnected. our “my why” framework advance their professional development and careers “my why” empowers people leaders to provide employees through a customized blend of experience, exposure, with tailored professional development and career and education. growth opportunities to enhance overall fulfillment framework and increase employees’ motivation, productivity, and dupont has established several mentoring engagement. strong employee engagement leads programs to foster personal and professional to employees being more invested in our shared growth among employees. these programs connect purpose purpose to empower the world with the essential employees in one-on-one mentoring relationships innovations to thrive and enhances the execution that span most of the calendar year. the initiative • work that matters, both of our strategic vision, efficient management of our aims to expand networks, provide coaching, and individually and collectively experience operations, development of innovative products, and cultivate future leaders. participants can enroll as • giving back to the communities implementation of our core values. mentors, mentees, or both. dupont’s mentoring • a collaborative and in which we work and live program is effectively developing employees, with inclusive work environment 95% of mentees and 92% of mentors indicating • flexibility and well-being opportunity that our company-wide mentoring program is a valuable investment of time. additionally, 93% of mentees have made at least one behavioral change empowering employees to grow as a result of mentoring discussions. we’ve nurtured a strong culture of autonomy and internal mobility to empower our employees lavoisier and pedersen awards ceremony, hagley museum and library, wilmington, de to build the career they want at dupont. 53 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices developing multidimensional leaders at dupont, we recognize that our organization’s culture is influenced by the strength and resilience of our leadership. we emphasize the importance of a balanced approach to leadership through our head, hands, and heart leadership framework. multidimensional leaders set strategies, connect people to a deep sense of purpose, direct work, build teams, drive accountability, and inspire others through care, respect, and appreciation. our bespoke leadership programs and tools use this framework to help leaders embark on a reflective journey, challenge their perspectives, and put concepts into action. leaders at all levels can participate in 360 feedback assessments and receive personalized insights about how to develop into a more balanced case study case study leader. our professional-level employees also have opportunities to founding member of the semi 2024 dupont x micron women be matched with mentors across the organization, and our in-house foundation’s semiconductor in tech summit leadership programs feature small-group breakouts designed to build cross-organizational relationships while applying learning. pride initiative in 2024, dupont and micron co-hosted a women in tech summit in addition to nurturing internal connections among our developing at the dupont asia cmp manufacturing and technology center in a career at dupont offers many avenues for professional jhunan, taiwan. the event attracted over 300 women and allies in leaders, we support professional growth through strategic partnerships development, including through engagement in our external tech to engage on the theme of "unleashing the power of allyship.” with external organizations including the american institute of chemical partnerships. dupont is a founding member of the semi foundation’s the summit provided an important platform for promoting a diverse engineers (aiche), the american chemical society (acs), the national semiconductor professionals for respect, inclusion, diversity, and inclusive workplace environment in the technology industry society of black engineers (nsbe), the society of hispanic professional and equity (pride) initiative and encourages team members to and featured keynote speakers from dupont, micron, and the engineers (shpe), and the society of women engineers (swe). participate in this pioneering working group dedicated to advancing semiconductor industry association. these partnerships offer our employees invaluable opportunities for lgbtq+ inclusion in the semiconductor sector. our team members’ professional development, allowing them to participate in workshops to involvement in the pride initiative provides an opportunity for them share their expertise and introduce fresh perspectives that enhance our to enhance their leadership skills. it also exemplifies our core value of respect for people and demonstrates dupont’s commitment to strategies and initiatives. fostering an inclusive work environment while actively working to attract and retain a diverse workforce in the semiconductor industry. our investment in developing multidimensional leaders and providing we believe in providing equitable opportunities for career placement opportunities to learn from peers internally and externally helps ensure and advancement, ensuring that every employee has access to the we remain relevant, dynamic, and responsive to future challenges. resources and support they need for their professional success. 54 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices offering equal opportunity and fair pay experience dupont enables best practices in hiring, rewards, development, and advancement to encourage and support equal opportunity and fair pay engaging employees to shape across the organization. each year, we review our global raw pay gap their work experience — the difference between the median pay of various employee groups we leverage employee feedback to continuously strengthen the — which highlights where we can focus to ensure equal opportunity. employee experience. in 2024, 81% of employees responded to our in addition, dupont’s global job leveling framework provides managers annual engagement survey, with 80% reporting positively on our with a consistent global approach to set pay levels according to engagement index. this index evaluates not only how employees objective factors, including job responsibilities, required skills, education, feel about their work, but also how they connect with our mission, experience, and external market data. we also work with external company culture, and their future with the organization. each year, we advisors using leading industry standards to evaluate pay fairness across assess attitudes across key dimensions like safety, teamwork, customer our global population. orientation, connection to the future, and operational excellence, enabling managers at every level to understand and respond to the dupont values employees’ contributions to our success, and recognition case study needs of their teams. since employee expectations are not one-size-fits- is a key element of our total rewards strategy. in 2024, we launched dupont hosts a stem innovation all across the globe or job family, our flexible approach empowers local winning our way (wow), a new global employee recognition program, which enables our employees to easily recognize teammates who go sites to choose what engagement initiatives will be most impactful for fair at hbcu week their people. above and beyond for our business and celebrate personal milestones. everyone benefits from acknowledgement and hearing the words “thank one prominent example of our commitment to impactful our commitment to ethics, safety, respect, and sustainability is reflected you,” and wow makes it easy to show gratitude. community engagement is our work with the hbcu week in the survey results as an organizational strength year-over-year. this foundation, a nonprofit dedicated to promoting the value of higher annual process of employee listening and localized action planning education at historically black colleges and universities (hbcus) and reinforces our dedication to cultivating a supportive, inclusive, and connecting students with educational resources and opportunities. engaging work environment. by actively involving our employees as part of our ongoing commitment to stem education, dupont in shaping our culture and direction, we deepen their connection to helped sponsor hbcu week’s programming and successfully hosted dupont’s mission and to one another. the stem innovation fair for the third consecutive year. this event was an integral part of hbcu week’s career fair and provided students with hands-on opportunities to explore the innovations emerging from the dupont global innovation center and across the company. during the event, dupont volunteers engaged with students, highlighting the importance and excitement of pursuing careers in stem fields, thereby inspiring the next generation of innovators and leaders. 55 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices fostering inclusion through connection our employee resource groups supporting holistic well-being an inclusive culture is one where all employees feel valued, respected, in 2024, our ergs collaborated to host a summit titled "driving we continued to progress in our endeavor to become one of the world’s and empowered to contribute their unique perspectives, fostering a inclusion and innovation through diversity: perspectives, practices, and most inclusive companies by anchoring in our long-standing core value of culture of collaboration and innovation. equipping managers with tools performance." this engaging two-day virtual event covered a variety respect for people. dupont’s total rewards guiding principles are focused to engage their employees in "my why" discussions and support their of relevant topics, including the role of artificial intelligence (ai) in on understanding and meeting the needs of all our employees and their individual needs ensures each employee feels equally valued on the team. advancing equity, innovative recruitment practices for attracting diverse families. by prioritizing employee well-being, dupont ensures that respect our wow peer recognition platform provides a mechanism for teams talent, and the significance of emotional intelligence in fostering inclusive is woven into our everyday practices. our wellness programs are regularly to celebrate one another’s achievements and express gratitude. per our environments. attendees gained valuable insights from employees evaluated to ensure our employees can access a broad range of inclusive annual survey results, teamwork and inclusion are perennial strengths. dedicated to enhancing workplace culture and heard from two health and benefit programs. distinguished external keynote speakers who addressed the importance of inclusive leadership and strategies for overcoming unconscious bias continuing programs initiated in 2023, we prioritized expanding our 85% through effective connection, communication, and collaboration. the family building benefits and mental health resources. we increased summit served as a platform for sharing best practices and reinforcing the family building covered benefit by 50% and expanded services of employees report they feel part of a team our commitment to making our workplace inclusive for all. to provide more pathways to parenthood regardless of background. employees can now receive assistance for infertility, surrogacy, or 81% adoption services through carrot, a leading fertility care platform. 26% of employees report dupont has an inclusive environment of the respondents to our annual employee survey are actively involved in at least one erg. employee outside of our immediate work groups, employee resource groups participation in ergs increased 13% year-over-year. (ergs) are a primary conduit for cultivating connection and belonging across dupont. these groups are our best source of mentors, coaches, and role models for employees seeking connection. ergs play a crucial role in enhancing workplace culture by providing employees with opportunities to share their experiences and facilitate initiatives that build relationships and drive growth. 56 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices purpose we also seek to cultivate a purpose-driven culture by encouraging our employees to engage with their communities. we believe volunteerism enhances our culture by contributing to employee well-being and creating meaningful impact through fulfillment, fostering shared experiences and team-building, and our work and in our communities allowing our employees to give back, build skills, and impact their our employees are purpose-driven and want to work on projects and communities. in addition to traditional volunteering, we place a heavy initiatives that create meaningful impact on the world and actively give emphasis on skills-based volunteering — i.e., using professional skills to back to their community through volunteerism. assist nonprofit organizations, such as advising leadership in the areas of governance, finance, marketing, and operations. board service is also we aim to help our employees find fulfillment through our shared an example of skills-based volunteering. dupont employees across the purpose of empowering the world with the essential innovations to globe serve on a variety of nonprofit boards, including those of local thrive. we provide employees with opportunities to contribute to the united way organizations, habitat for humanity affiliates, food banks, people highlight development and production of meaningful sustainable solutions and and more. innovative technologies, including innovations to ensure safe drinking lifetime achievement: water, materials for solar panels and renewable energy technologies, 89% nicole blankenbeckler personal protective equipment, and sustainable packaging materials designed to minimize plastic waste. we believe a connection to a shared nicole l. blankenbeckler, technology director for our aramids purpose unlocks creativity and energy and fosters a sense of belonging of employees indicate that they do work that business, received the lifetime achievement award for her and organizational commitment. additionally, this connection enhances matters for our customers, peers, and shareholders leadership at dupont and within her community. nicole employee satisfaction and retention, as demonstrated by our low 2024 demonstrates a commitment to addressing community needs voluntary attrition rate of 4.7%. through her work, as exemplified by her leadership of an initiative to increase the production of tyvek® protective garments during the pandemic. nicole also sponsors the dupont spruance women’s network, engaging with the society of women engineers, and founding the "girls in science" program, which encourages young girls to pursue stem careers. she actively mentors underrepresented groups and fosters open dialogues to ensure everyone feels welcome and respected. by driving initiatives that nurture our internal and external talent pipeline, nicole positively impacts both dupont and the wider community. nicole’s commitment to providing sustainable and inclusive solutions, along with her embodiment of dupont’s core value of respect for people, has driven lasting change at dupont and in the broader community. family open day celebrating the 10th anniversary of the dupont shanghai innovation center 5577 dduuppoonntt 22002255 ssuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy rreeppoorrtt introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices our communities: building thriving communities accomplishments in 2024 $4,300,000 >3,800 hours dimensions of impact: invested in targeted volunteered by employees during 166 environment: dupont’s employee-led clear into the communities through dupont-sponsored events at 24 sites, future® program received the american chemistry $3,560,000 cash and in addition to individual employee council (acc) 2024 sustainability leadership $742,000 in-kind donations. volunteerism across the company. award in the social responsibility and community engagement category. in 2024, employees awarded grants to 17 projects in seven countries. habitat for humanity partnership stem education: our partnership with discovery donated over $600,000 worth of products and $200,000 in cash education and the delaware department of education during 2024, benefiting 51 habitat for humanity affiliates. was named as one of three finalists for the u.s. chamber of commerce foundation citizens award. united way across our communities 16,850 tyvek® personal protective garments were donated supported 21 local chapters in five countries. to organizations around the world who provide disaster relief as part of our tyvek® forward together efforts. dupont paris employees participate in the inter-company solidarity race organized by special olympics 58 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 2024 by the numbers 2024 community impact by focus area[1] 12 47% in 2024, we continued to make progress creating meaningful differences in the lives of people in basics to thrive basics to thrive 9 empower communities the communities where we operate and around 32% the world. in 2024, via charitable donations and with the basics to thrive stem education 47 stem education volunteer events, we supported 772 projects globally • deliver access to basic needs leverage our across 403 organizations. of these projects, 60% 9% environment • drive impact where we operate innovations for good were in the u.s., and those outside the u.s. reached environment 28 countries. multiple focus ar • e a ca s t / a o ly t z h e e h r ands-on volunteerism • apply our innovation, technology, 32 12% and collaboration expertise to help multiple focus solve community challenges globally areas/other [1] data based on unique donations and unique volunteer events sponsored by dupont. our approach to building thriving communities enable the next generation workforce through stem education • leverage scalable solutions to reach more students • prioritize under-represented populations • catalyze skills-based volunteerism in classrooms dupont employees host science camps in remote regions of hualien and taitung, taiwan dupont india’s mumbai team plants mango and jackfruit trees with united way mumbai 59 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices outsized impact at scale stem education — for the third year, dupont taiwan continued its we believe a collaborative approach, both internally and externally, partnership with the common wealth education foundation’s hope is required for effective and scalable community impact. in 2024, we reading program. together, we held two stem camps in the remote accelerated impact and employee engagement by strengthening signature areas of hualien and taitung, taiwan. dupont volunteers hosted partnerships with critical community partners across our businesses. students from eight schools for two days of fun and engaging learning. disaster recovery — we donated tyvek® and tychem® personal protective equipment (ppe) for disaster recovery efforts in the u.s., brazil, and spain. in the u.s., we supported the veteran-led humanitarian organization team clean drinking water — partnering with childfund rubicon via its ready reserve fund, which helps families live safely in international, we provided funding, water filtration their homes and communities before, during, and after disasters. in 2024, product donations, and technical know-how for the team rubicon served 832 communities across 97 deployments. construction for two water treatment facilities in kenya. dupont also entered its fourth year of support for water.org’s direct and collective partnerships that prioritize safe water and sanitation solutions globally. environmental stewardship — employees in europe, the middle east, and africa (emea) demonstrated their commitment to environmental stewardship by hosting various volunteer and educational events. on world environment day, emea employees hosted a workshop on recycling and sustainability at the geneva site, and on world water day, the dupont water solutions team in tarragona, spain, volunteered with clear into the future® grant habitat for humanity — dupont continued its partnership recipient associació per a la conservació dels ecosistemes naturals. with habitat for humanity, providing both monetary and in- kind donations to 51 habitat affiliates across the u.s., canada, mexico, south korea, and singapore. employees volunteered with 29 affiliates globally to help build or repair 25 homes. 60 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices supplier diversity partnering with small and diverse suppliers is vital for our competitive edge and aligns with our sustainability strategy. these suppliers bring agility, flexibility, and innovation, providing quality services at for over 50 years, dupont has focused on working with a variety of competitive rates that contribute positively to the bottom line. not only suppliers. in 2024, we increased our spend with diverse suppliers in does this initiative benefit our business, it also supports the communities the u.s. to 9% of our total u.s. expenditures[1] and began expanding this where we operate and reflects our core value of respect for people. initiative globally. we strive to engage small and diverse businesses this aligns with the expectations of our customers and their customers. as suppliers and support their growth into competitive entities. our collaboration with these businesses helps them understand the [1] u.s. expenditures and spend with diverse suppliers do not include spectrum. dupont business model and our procurement strategy. our suppliers include businesses that are minority-owned, woman- supplier diversity impact owned, veteran-owned, disability-owned, and lgbtq+-owned, among supplier highlight others. we engage our top suppliers to promote a diverse supply base, safety supplies international and we reinforce this expectation in the dupont supplier code of dupont spend in 2024 conduct. this code invites our suppliers to foster diversity within their own supply chains. $358mm in direct purchases from small safety supplies international (ssi) is certified by disability:in™ as a and diverse businesses disability-owned business enterprise®. ssi has provided dupont’s water solutions business with ppe for over 30 years. our relationship with ssi began with the purchase of a single ppe item, and since then, has grown to now include hundreds of items. these items impact reliably protect dupont employees across the globe during daily manufacturing operations. we encourage ssi to engage in continuous improvement initiatives, such as their successful implementation >2,650 $212mm of iso 9001:2015, which bolstered our confidence in their quality management system. by working hand in hand with ssi, we have number of jobs wages earned by the employees been able to navigate the challenging supply chain environment supported by of these companies as a result of and procure safety supplies to keep our production running. we look these purchases providing goods and services to dupont forward to continuing our partnership and collaboration as we work together to meet the many challenges ahead. david boyd, owner of ssi 6611 dduuppoonntt 22002255 ssuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy rreeppoorrtt introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices governance strong governance is the foundation of dupont’s sustainability governance sustainability strategy. we have management processes and defined responsibilities for sustainability topics and commit to reporting on progress. our robust governance framework ensures that sustainability is fully embedded in functions and each of our businesses, driving consistent and impactful actions. we rely on multiple leadership teams, such as the sustainability leadership council, to drive alignment and ensure that our sustainability initiatives are integrated into our overall business strategy. reporting approach by maintaining strong governance, dupont can effectively manage sustainability risks and opportunities, fostering long-term resilience and value creation for our stakeholders. 62 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices accomplishments in 2024 100% 87% cdp named dupont to its 2024 dupont procurement won in four categories at the supplier engagement assessment institute for supply management (ism) supply chain of employees completed our ethics of employees responding to our annual employee a list, recognizing our strong trailblazer awards, recognized for sustainability compliance training and certification, which survey report that they feel they can talk freely to engagement with our supply commitment, diversity champion, transformation, included additional emphasis on cybersecurity. their manager about legal or ethical concerns. chain on climate issues. and category management excellence. prepared for eu csrd by established a human rights committee that world business council for sustainable development’s enhanced due diligence process to assess initiating an esrs-aligned double developed a roadmap for a human rights management reporting matters 2024 report recognized the dupont potential business ethics and integrity materiality assessment and system in our own operations and supply chain. 2024 sustainability report as a best practice example. risks of third-party business partners prior establishing our readiness team.[1] to onboarding. corporate governance as part of dupont’s commitment to high ethical standards, the board follows sound governance practices. these practices, summarized below, are described in more detail in our 2025 proxy statement. board independence and diversity director elections board practices stock ownership requirements stockholder rights • 11 of 13 director nominees are independent. • annual board elections. • non-employee directors meet in executive • directors are required to hold company- • stockholder right to call special meetings session without management at each granted shares until retirement. (with a 15% ownership threshold). • independent board committees. • directors are elected by a majority regularly scheduled board meeting. of votes cast. • executives and directors prohibited from • no super-majority stockholder • 38% of director nominees are diverse. • annual board and committee hedging or pledging company stock. voting requirements. • directors not elected by a majority self-evaluations. of votes cast are subject to the • eligible stockholders are able to nominate company’s resignation policy. • annual director evaluations. directors through proxy access. • board retirement policy. [1] eu csrd refers to the european union’s corporate sustainability reporting directive, and esrs refers to the european sustainability reporting standards. 63 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices sustainability sustainability governance structure governance board of directors the board oversees the company’s strategic direction, including the integration of sustainability-related risks and opportunities into the overall strategy. the board of directors is responsible for overseeing dupont’s oversight of sustainability-related risks and opportunities is managed across the appropriate board committees. strategic direction, including the integration of sustainability-related risks and opportunities into the company’s strategy. as reflected environment, health, safety people and compensation nomination and audit committee in the sustainability governance structure graphic, each board and sustainability committee committee governance committee committee has formal sustainability-related oversight responsibilities. • oversight of enterprise sustainability • human capital • board composition. • oversight of controls and the chairs of each of the four standing board committees have strategy, goals, and actions. management oversight. procedures related to reporting • ensure the board has the discussed sustainability-related risks impacting dupont’s strategy to of sustainability data. • oversight and review of • review the use of right mix of skills and align on the committees’ sustainability oversight responsibilities. sustainability report. sustainability-related goals experience to effectively in compensation programs. oversee sustainability issues. senior leadership responsibility for our sustainability strategy • vet current and emerging sustainability issues. ultimately resides with our chief technology and sustainability officer (ctso), who reports directly to the ceo. the ctso focuses on the link between sustainability and innovation in our operating model and chairs the sustainability executive oversight committee, a subset sustainability leadership of dupont’s senior leadership team. members of the sustainability executive team executive sponsors council (slc) executive oversight committee represent corporate governance, finance, operations, hr, innovation, and business leadership. these strategic leadership team (slt) sponsored sustainability executive oversight cross-functional leadership team, chaired leaders sponsor sustainability initiatives and policies, oversee the by ceo and supported by ctso. committee chaired by ctso. by vp of sustainability, focused on work of the sustainability leadership council (slc), and routinely delivering on our 2030 sustainability goals. responsible for company strategy and strategically chosen executives engage with the dupont board of directors and board committees. the council ensures sustainability is performance, including integration of representing corporate governance, aligned with our company purpose and sustainability strategy, goals, and investment finance, operations, hr, innovation, and deeply embedded in our strategies and for long-term value creation. directly business leadership. these leaders sponsor actions. dedicated leaders for each engages with the board of directors on sustainability strategy, policies, positions, 2030 sustainability goal coordinate with sustainability strategy and performance. and resourcing and oversee the work of business, functional, and regional leads the sustainability leadership council. to drive progress and results. 64 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices the slc oversees the implementation of our sustainability strategy. • there is a significant increase in net-zero commitments among our enterprise risk management it is chaired by the vice president of sustainability, who reports to the customers and other stakeholders, driving carbon accountability ctso. slc members include dedicated leaders for each of our 2030 in value chains and increasing reporting on scope 3 emissions and dupont deploys an enterprise risk management (erm) methodology to sustainability goals, representatives from each of our businesses, product carbon footprints; identify, monitor, manage, and communicate our most significant risks functional and regional leaders, and our enterprise sustainability staff. and opportunities. as part of the global methodology, the chief ethics members coordinate across the company to drive actions that enable • regulators, investors, and customers are demanding that companies and compliance officer oversees the periodic refresh of the matters sustainability and business success in their respective areas of expertise. conduct value chain due diligence to better understand and address managed as enterprise-level risks. this periodic refresh incorporates each dupont business also has a dedicated business sustainability risk, concentrating on risks related to human rights, labor, and a number of risk assessments and other internal and external inputs leader (bsl) responsible for overseeing business and product-level inequality, and promoting the need to improve sustainability and to capture changes that may alter the impact, likelihood, and level of sustainability efforts. environmental attributes across the supply chain; and preparedness for each matter. our sustainability governance structure enables us to address what • pressure on companies to expand their disclosures of climate each enterprise-level risk is overseen by one or more members of the are becoming increasingly important considerations to meet the financial risk and opportunity to include transition plans and the senior leadership team (slt), which is responsible for the ongoing expectations of our stakeholders and add value for our customers. our results of scenario analysis to test the resilience of climate strategies. monitoring and mitigation of key risks. in addition, the slt member(s) structure is designed for learning and building critical competencies. is responsible for managing the enterprise risk in the context of the in 2021, to enhance accountability for sustainability across our execution of dupont’s strategic plan including, but not limited to, examples of emerging sustainability topics our teams are addressing: organization, dupont added a sustainability modifier to our annual mergers and acquisitions (m&a) activity, growth across new markets or employee short-term incentive program. the sustainability modifier geographies, and evolving business models, including the use of third • governments worldwide are introducing new sustainability has been used to enhance or curtail employee incentive payouts up to parties. the following matters have been identified as enterprise-level regulations (e.g., the corporate sustainability reporting directive +/- 10% with the approval of the people and compensation committee risks for dupont: anti-corruption/fraud/integrity, chemical stewardship, in the european union), increasing expectations for disclosure on of the board. for 2024, the committee determined a positive application climate, cybersecurity, financial, geopolitical, human capital the sustainability of products, processes, and supply chains; of the modifier was appropriate considering extraordinary achievement management, innovation, and intellectual property/trade secrets. within our innovate and protect sustainability pillars. • there are increasing performance regulations, including a key component of our erm methodology is board-level oversight of extended producer responsibility (epr) and packaging the enterprise-level risks, including how the management of key risks sustainability requirements; is influenced by the strategic direction of dupont. each enterprise- • there is a rise in digitalization and artificial intelligent (ai) level risk is overseen by an appropriate committee of the board of in sustainability management along the value chain, including directors or by the full board in the case of cybersecurity, geopolitical, data transfer through digital product passports (dpps) and tools and innovation. to monitor progress and assess trends; 65 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices ethics and compliance new employees receive training on our core values and the dupont hotline management and internal investigations code of conduct within their first 60 days of employment. the course dupont has historically utilized a third-party vendor to operate is a web-based training module covering ethics, anti-corruption, all dupont employees worldwide are expected to understand and our corporate hotline, which is available to all employees and any compliance issues, and related topics. additionally, every employee comply with the dupont code of conduct. the code of conduct also interested party globally. the ethics and compliance function has is required to annually complete a business ethics certification, which applies to our board of directors and all our subsidiaries, affiliated visibility into hotline complaints and has the responsibility to assign contains numerous questions related to ethical conduct and compliance, companies, and joint ventures in which we have a majority interest these matters for appropriate investigation and resolution. all ethics/ as well as assertions that the employee has read, understands, and or operating responsibility. to ensure all employees and entities can compliance complaints are investigated and resolved by our ethics and abides by the code of conduct and other critical policies. access the code of conduct, we have made it available in multiple compliance central (ecc) team, while other non-ethics related matters languages on our code of conduct webpage. are delegated to other functions such as human resources, security, our annual employee survey, which was conducted in the fourth quarter information technology, or environmental, health, & safety (eh&s). ecc of 2024, included three specific questions related to ethics. the survey the dupont code of conduct is our foremost global policy and relays maintains all relevant documentation for each hotline case resolution. results showed that 81% of responding employees feel they can report our expectations regarding bribery and corruption, conflicts of interest, matters without fear of retaliation. dupont employees believe political contributions, government relations, environmental protection we are invested in providing a timely and thorough resolution for any the company has a strong commitment to our core value of highest and sustainability, product stewardship, human rights, respect for people, investigation initiated by dupont. consistency, fairness, and speedy ethical behavior. ethics reporting, and more. the code of conduct requires every employee to resolution benefit all parties involved and demonstrate dupont’s conduct company business with integrity, in compliance with applicable laws, commitment to ethics and compliance. in 2024, the average number and in a way that excludes consideration of their own personal advantages. of days an ethics investigation remained open was 33 days. getting assistance and raising concerns the company provides resources to assist all employees who encounter ethics and compliance issues that are difficult to resolve. an employee’s manager or supervisor is the first and best resource since this person is familiar with the employee’s duties. if the manager or supervisor is not available, or if the employee is not comfortable discussing the matter with his or her manager, the following resources are also available: • business, function, or site leadership; • business/function ethics and compliance champions; • corporate ethics and compliance team; • human resources (for workplace issues and policies); and • dupont ethics and compliance hotline — u.s. number: 844–539–2169. advanced cleans & slurry technologies celebrates the opening of its new manufacturing facility in dongguan, china 66 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices the company treats all reports of misconduct and subsequent every substantiated violation requires an ethics committee to decide material risks from cybersecurity threats, which are integrated into our investigations as confidential. employees can also request to remain upon and monitor appropriate disciplinary actions and remedial overall risk management systems and processes. we also engage third anonymous, and the company will protect the employee’s anonymity and corrective measures. to ensure consistency and fairness, line parties in connection with the assessment of our cybersecurity risk when feasible and legal. management consults with an ethics committee made up of employees management processes against the nist and iso frameworks. from various functions to determine disciplinary actions. dupont deploys annual cybersecurity training for employees and addressing possible misconduct our ecc team promptly reports every instance of substantiated ethics considers this a critical step in safeguarding our data and assets. through corrective action and compliance matters to the business president, functional leader, the training provides employees and contractors with a baseline to ensure prompt and consistent enforcement of the code of conduct, general counsel, and chief executive officer. in 2024, none of the understanding of cybersecurity fundamentals to prevent security dupont will investigate reported instances of misconduct, such as substantiated ethics matters met our highest-level violation definition. breaches and safely identify potential threats. the course includes violations of the law, regulations, or company policies and procedures. guidance on how to strengthen our defensive stance against the where misconduct is identified, responsible individuals will be held increasing number of sophisticated cyberattacks worldwide, as well as 132 accountable and disciplined, as applicable, up to and including interactive modules covering various areas, including insider attacks, employment termination and possible civil or criminal action. making an phishing and email attacks, preventing malware attacks, data protection, ethics complaints were made in 2024, and 26% of the allegations intentionally false accusation of wrongdoing is considered misconduct. data handling, passwords, cloud and internet security, and cybersecurity were substantiated. every substantiated violation required fundamentals for mobile devices. an ethics committee to decide upon and monitor appropriate disciplinary actions and remedial and corrective measures. dupont has dedicated information technology security professionals who form the dupont cybersecurity team, which is led by our chief information security officer. our chief privacy officer is responsible cybersecurity and data privacy for the development and oversight of our data privacy program. dupont’s global privacy team consults, trains, and drives the execution of our privacy standards. the global privacy team includes regional dupont’s cybersecurity risk management program leverages the privacy program leaders and staff representing human resources, national institute of standards and technology (nist) and international legal, finance, procurement, marketing/sales for the businesses, and organization for standardization (iso) frameworks. we regularly information technology. the chief privacy officer and chief information assess the threat landscape and take a holistic view of cybersecurity security officer provide regular updates to senior leadership and the risks, with a layered cybersecurity strategy based on prevention, chief compliance officer. our board of directors reviews the information detection, and recovery. dupont has other policies and procedures security and privacy risk areas associated with privacy and cybersecurity. which directly or indirectly relate to cybersecurity, including those related to remote access monitoring, encryption standards, antivirus protection, multifactor authentication, confidential information, and the use of the internet, social media, email, and wireless devices. we have implemented processes for assessing, identifying, and managing 67 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices human rights • use only workers that are present voluntarily to produce a product, provide services, or manufacture or supply materials; and dupont is committed to protecting and advancing human rights • not knowingly use slave, human trafficked, or forced labor as it is wherever we operate. we’ve based our human rights position defined in dupont’s child and forced labor position statement. statement and child and forced labor position statement on our core values and relevant applicable laws and regulations. we’re committed dupont’s human rights committee to respecting the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights (ungp) and endorse the ten principles of the united in 2024, dupont established a human rights committee and partnered nations global compact. with a consultant to lead the development and implementation of a comprehensive human rights management system within our operations integrating human rights principles and supply chain. this system empowers dupont to proactively prevent, mitigate, and address both potential and actual human rights impacts into our code of conduct throughout our value chain. aligned with global frameworks, such as the dupont code of conduct outlines our global policy and the ungp, it will also facilitate compliance with upcoming regulations. commitments to external initiatives in the areas of human rights, non-discrimination, respect for people, and freedom of association. the human rights management system consists of six key components compliance with these policies and applicable laws is every employee’s — governance and policies, assess and prioritize, implement actions, responsibility, and we work to identify and do business with partners grievance and remediation, system and process integration, and monitor, who aspire to conduct their business in a similar manner. the dupont reflect, and disclose — each dedicated to reinforcing our commitment supplier code of conduct sets expectations for our suppliers in relation to human rights. with the expertise of our consultant, dupont has to our core values, including our expectations regarding human crafted a human rights playbook that acts as a comprehensive guide for rights, child labor, modern slavery, and forced labor. additionally, establishing and enhancing our human rights management systems. this we incorporate language in our contracts with suppliers and other playbook provides vital steps for leadership and functional teams, outlines business partners that bans the use of child or forced labor and requires strategies for adapting to long-term regulatory and market demands, our partners to respect human rights and have fair labor conditions. presents critical regulatory checklists, and includes a detailed human specifically, we expect our suppliers to: rights roadmap to define specific initiatives and proposes timelines for effective implementation. • adhere to our human rights position statement and our child and forced labor position statement; dupont’s commitment to developing a comprehensive human rights management system significantly enhances the value we provide • not employ any person to perform services, provide a product, to our stakeholders, including customers, suppliers, and the broader or manufacture or supply material for dupont who is under 15 years community. this proactive approach underscores our responsibility and of age, or 18 years of age in the case of hazardous services; leadership in promoting ethical practices, building trust, and making a positive contribution to society. 68 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices responsible procurement supplier selection, due diligence, and engagement we select suppliers based on category and commodity strategies dupont’s suppliers play a crucial role in our success as a leading multi- using a robust six-step strategic sourcing process and a five-step industrial company. responsible or sustainable procurement involves stakeholder approval process. the amount of spend, a key criterion to making purchasing decisions that fulfill the organization’s needs for business and function, influences the category and supplier priority goods and services in a manner that benefits both the organization level, along with considerations of supply continuity and the outcome and society while minimizing environmental impact. this approach of risk assessments. suppliers of raw materials, packaging, or contract ensures that suppliers’ employees work under decent conditions, the manufacturing services (direct suppliers) are also subject to our product/ purchased products or services are sustainable, and socioeconomic service qualification process, which is performed by the product issues like inequality and poverty are addressed (iso 20400 sustainable stewardship and regulatory team in each of dupont’s businesses. procurement). once selected and onboarded, we evaluate our suppliers based on case study the dupont supplier code of conduct sets expectations for suppliers parameters including, but not limited to, contract value, geopolitical dupont sites leverage rba code doing business with us. as outlined in the code, our suppliers must risks, ethics and compliance history, and security practices when of conduct for success ensure that their activities are aligned with our sustainability and deemed necessary. suppliers that meet a certain risk threshold based responsible procurement efforts. we periodically review the supplier on these and other parameters are determined to be “critical” suppliers. code of conduct to clarify expectations, respond to emerging in march 2024, dupont’s laird™ technologies tianjin, china, regulations, and align with industry initiatives, such as the responsible site achieved silver status in the responsible business business alliance (rba) and drive sustainability. alliance (rba) validated assessment program (vap) during an independent, third-party assessment conducted by an the supplier code of conduct is organized according to our core rba-approved audit firm. additionally, in 2024, the laird values and references the ten principles of the united nations global vietnam site participated in an rba audit through the vap compact initiative, the united nations guiding principles on business and, in early 2025, achieved the prestigious rba vap gold and human rights, the international labor organization, the declaration level recognition. this achievement was made possible by on fundamental principles and rights at work, and the global chemical strong internal collaboration and a partnership with a major industry’s responsible care® program. it details expectations and u.s. medical device customer. as a result, we secured a 100% requirements on matters of the environment, labor, human rights, and share of business for the customer’s malaysia site. impacts on society. we include the supplier code of conduct in our terms and conditions for all supplier purchase orders. this is in addition dupont’s vap audit report recognitions not only demonstrate to existing contract language and other mechanisms in place to make our commitment to responsible business practices, but also sure our suppliers adhere to our human rights policy and all applicable add significant value to our operations and business and laws and regulations. strengthen our customer relationships. 69 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices we evaluate new critical suppliers on matters of product quality partners provides better insight into our impact and potential areas to third-party risk management, security, business ethics and transparency, climate improve. some of the initiatives implemented by our service providers management program change and water security practices, human rights due diligence, focus on load optimization, fuel efficiency, energy savings, and route and operational excellence. based on their criticality to the business/ optimization. these initiatives not only generate economic benefits but function, some strategic suppliers are eligible for one of our two types also reduce our emissions. for dupont’s purposes, a third party is defined as an entity that has of supplier management programs: a business arrangement with dupont, by contract or otherwise, to provide products or services, resell or distribute products, or act as conflict minerals • our supplier performance management programs provide oversight an agent. these third parties may include suppliers, vendors, contract we are committed to the responsible sourcing of minerals worldwide. of raw material and packaging supplier performance by business, manufacturers, business partners and affiliates, brokers, distributors, we support the observance of the organization for economic co- plant, and region and are managed by the dupont businesses. resellers, agents, joint venture partners, and/or professional service operation and development due diligence guidance for responsible performance scorecards and corrective action reports are typical providers. third-party risk areas include cybersecurity, bribery and supply chain of minerals, which promotes respect for human rights outputs of these programs. corruption, fraud, business ethics, antitrust, sanctioned parties, labor by seeking practical solutions to curb the violence associated with and human rights, privacy, environmental, and trade compliance. • our supplier relationship management programs provide oversight trade in conflict minerals.[1] dupont’s long-established conflict minerals of strategic suppliers in categories including corporate services compliance program requires and maintains appropriate procedures to in 2024, dupont formally implemented our enhanced third-party risk (consulting, marketing, fleet management, travel, etc.), maintenance, evaluate and select suppliers consistent with our core values, human management program (tprm) program, which includes an assessment repair, and operations (controls, construction services, etc.), and logistics rights policy, and supplier code of conduct. dupont builds upon this of new third parties prior to onboarding, focusing primarily on business (road transportation, warehousing, etc.). strategic supplier relationships framework as a member of the responsible minerals initiative (rmi), one ethics and integrity-related risks. additionally, the tprm program is and performance are managed by the corporate procurement function. of the most utilized and respected resources for companies addressing in the process of ensuring existing high-risk third parties go through typical outputs of these programs are balanced scorecards, relationship responsible mineral sourcing in their supply chains. we expect our a similar review. the tprm program has successfully onboarded over health scorecards, and corrective action reports. suppliers to procure, directly or indirectly, from smelters and refiners 5,000 new third parties through this newly implemented process and certified through rmi’s responsible minerals assurance process. expects to complete its review of existing third parties in q3 2025. we expanded our supplier engagement campaign, together for the planet, to enhance our scope 3 practices, extending beyond just raw material suppliers. reducing dupont’s carbon footprint requires strong partnerships with both our customers and suppliers to lower emissions throughout the entire supply chain. the program aimed to gather supplier-specific data on the carbon footprint of the materials and services provided to dupont and to better understand our strategic suppliers’ sustainability practices. for the past three years, our logistics team has engaged our freight providers to bring awareness to the importance of measuring carbon footprint in the supply chain. gathering emissions data from our freight [1] presently, conflict minerals include columbite-tantalite (cotan), cassiterite gold, and wolframite, or their derivatives, including tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold. the experimental station, wilmington, de 70 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices sustainable development goal alignment at dupont, the actions we take to advance our sustainability strategy and meet our 2030 sustainability goals are aligned with the 17 un sustainable development goals (sdgs). innovate empower delivering sustainable innovation for our customers our people: our communities: cultivating well-being and inclusivity building thriving communities our innovations provide solutions to challenges that address each of the 17 sdgs. we strive to foster an inclusive culture where we seek to scale and maximize our impact to our people feel fulfilled, valued, and connected advance a more sustainable, equitable, and to one another and our shared purpose through prosperous world. meaningful work and volunteerism. protect acting on climate enabling a circular economy delivering world-class environmental, health, and safety performance we’re doing our part by setting science-based targets aligned with the our circular innovations are connected to improvements 1.5° c limit established by the paris accord, supporting the expansion in climate, water, and material consumption. we commit to zero injuries and aim to achieve of renewable energy capacity, and enabling low-carbon applications. zero waste and emissions and deliver products that contribute to a more sustainable future. leading water stewardship innovating safe and sustainable by design our products enable access to clean, plentiful water and we aspire to consistently protect human health and avoid improve the energy and resource efficiency of water negative impacts on the environment. treatment processes. 71 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices reporting approach this document, published july 22, 2025, is the sixth annual sustainability dupont has reported with reference to the global reporting initiative report of dupont de nemours, inc. it describes dupont activities from (gri) standards for the period january 1, 2024, to december 31, 2024. this january 1, 2024 through december 31, 2024, unless otherwise noted. report also adheres to the sustainability accounting standard board we published our prior sustainability report on april 29, 2024. for the (sasb) resource transformation–chemicals (rt-ch) standard. this is our purposes of this report, references to “us,” “our,” “the company,” or fourth year aligning our sustainability report content with the reporting “dupont” refer to the entity dupont de nemours, inc. recommendations outlined by the task force on climate-related financial disclosures (tcfd). dupont de nemours, inc. is a signatory to we commit to annually reporting our sustainability performance. the the united nations global compact and adheres to its ten principles. annual publication of our sustainability report is an important element this report serves as our communication of progress. of our sustainability strategy and tool for engaging a wide range of stakeholders. the report is published and available for download on dupont’s sustainability resources and downloads webpage. in addition to the full report, the sustainability report online experience provides a summary of the report content, and links to additional resources and downloads of sustainability disclosures, including our ecovadis scorecard, cdp (formerly the carbon disclosure project) submission, and past reports, among other resources. senior leadership visit to dupont shanghai innovation center and r&d labs 72 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices assurance of data dupont has obtained limited external assurance of select data in the • water use; report from wsp, an independent third party. the following data has • environmental, health, and safety performance metrics; and been assured at a limited level: • employee demographic metrics. • ghg inventory (scopes 1 and 2, and scope 3, category 3); wsp’s assurance statement is presented in the appendices of this report • energy use; and is available as a download on dupont’s sustainability resources and • renewable energy use; downloads webpage. reporting scope the scope of this report includes facilities owned and operated by dupont de nemours, inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries during calendar year 2024, unless otherwise noted. the table below reflects recent changes in our portfolio and their treatment for inclusion in this report. included in report scope not included in report scope business employee date of turnover and environmental health and safety business description and demographics transaction training data data data relevant financials data divestitures biomaterials may-22 mobility and materials businesses nov-22 delrin nov-23 acquisitions laird performance materials jul-21 armorwall oct-21 spectrum plastics group aug-23 donatelle plastics jul-24 c3nano aug-24 shawn hunter from dupont and ron jones from green builder media discuss residential energy efficiency, durability, and decarbonization a1 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices appendices a a2 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices appendices contents gri content index .........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a3 gri 2: general disclosures 2021 .................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a3 gri 3: material topics 2021 .........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a16 gri 201: economic performance 2016 ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a18 gri 204: procurement practices 2016 ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a18 gri 302: energy 2016.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a19 gri 303: water and effluents 2018 .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a23 gri 305: emissions 2016 ...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a27 gri 306: waste 2020 ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a32 gri 308: supplier environmental assessment 2016 .................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a37 gri 401: employment 2016 ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a38 gri 403: occupational health and safety 2018 ...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a39 gri 404: training and education 2016 ...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a47 gri 405: diversity and equal opportunity 2016 ..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a48 gri 414: supplier social assessment 2016 ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a51 gri 416: customer health and safety 2016 ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a51 gri 417: marketing and labeling 2016 ...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a53 sasb content index ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a54 tcfd disclosure index ...........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a58 assurance statement .............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a68 forward-looking statements ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................a76 a3 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices gri content index statement of use: dupont has reported the information cited in this global reporting initiative (gri) content index for the period january 1, 2024, through december 31, 2024, with reference to the gri standards. gri 1 used: gri 1: foundation 2021 gri 2: general disclosures 2021 the organization and its reporting practices 2-1 organizational details dupont de nemours, inc. (dupont) is a publicly traded premier multi-industrial company based in wilmington, delaware, u.s.a. the company has approximately 110 manufacturing sites and operations in more than 50 countries, with significant operations in the united states, belgium, china, czech republic, france, germany, japan, korea, luxembourg, mexico, spain, and the united kingdom. additional information about the ownership and legal form of the company is found within the proxy statement for dupont’s 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (2025 proxy statement) filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec) on april 3, 2025, and in the our company and purpose section starting on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. 2-2 entities included in the organization's sustainability reporting the scope of the dupont 2025 sustainability report includes facilities owned and operated by dupont de nemours, inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries during calendar year 2024, unless otherwise noted in the report. the table below reflects recent changes in our portfolio and their treatment for inclusion in the report. consistent with best practices, our internal standards, and applicable reporting framework guidance, such as the greenhouse gas (ghg) protocol and gri standards, we include acquisitions' environmental data in our reporting following the first full year of operation, or as soon as possible. we also include safety data within one year of obtaining new acquisitions. a a4 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices ü included in report scope û not included in report scope business description and relevant business date of transaction employee demographics data turnover and training data environmental data health and safety data financials divestitures biomaterials may-22 û û û û û mobility and materials businesses nov-22 û û û û û delrin nov-23 û û û û û acquisitions laird performance materials jul-21 ü ü ü ü ü armorwall oct-21 ü ü ü ü ü spectrum plastics group aug-23 ü û û ü û donatelle plastics jul-24 û û û û û c3nano aug-24 û û û û û 2-3 reporting period, frequency, and contact point dupont annually publishes disclosures with reference to the gri standards. these disclosures cover the period january 1, 2024, through december 31, 2024, and were published on july 22, 2025. this period aligns with our financial reporting in our 2024 annual report on form 10-k filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission on february 14, 2025 and our recast of 2024 results on form 8-k filed on may 2, 2025. questions about these disclosures may be directed by email to sustainability@dupont.com. 2-4 restatements of information quantitative data for prior years has generally been recalculated to account for the acquisitions and divestitures described in the table in gri 2-2 above. quantitative data is also updated where improvements have been made in calculation methodologies, such as applying updated grid emission factors in the ghg accounting metrics. exceptions are noted. for example, the employee gender disclosures in gri 2-7 include the note that values for prior reporting periods are not restated for changes in the scope of the organization through divestitures and acquisitions. a a5 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 2-5 external assurance dupont has obtained limited external assurance of select data in the report from wsp, an independent third party. the following data has been assured at a limited level: • ghg inventory (scopes 1 and 2, and scope 3, category 3); • energy use; • renewable energy use; • water use; • environmental, health, and safety performance metrics; and • employee demographic metrics. we selected these topics for limited assurance because they are priority topics for our stakeholders and are where our results are under the most scrutiny. the scope of our limited assurance engagement for the 2024 reporting year remains the same as the prior year. we annually review our assurance approach, considering factors including stakeholder expectations and emerging regulatory requirements. our external assurance approach to the annual sustainability report is confirmed by our sustainability leadership council (slc), which is chaired by our vice president of sustainability and includes representatives from each of our businesses, functional and regional leaders, and our enterprise sustainability staff, as described on pages 63 – 64 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. the assurance statement is presented on pages a68 – a75 of the appendices and is available as a download on our sustainability resources & downloads webpage. a a6 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices activities and workers 2-6 activities, value chain, and other business relationships in may 2024, dupont announced a plan to separate its electronics business into an independent publicly traded company. in january 2025, dupont announced it is targeting november 1, 2025, to complete the intended separation of its electronics business by way of a spin-off transaction, thereby creating a new independent, publicly traded electronics company. effective in the first quarter of 2025, in light of the intended electronics separation, dupont realigned its management and reporting structure as follows: industrialsco – a leading solutions provider for healthcare, water, and a broad range of industrial segments, powered by high-performance engineered products, leading-edge application development, and top-tier manufacturing. it includes the businesses within the former water & protection segment, the healthcare and non-electronics businesses, including vespel® parts and shapes, which was previously in industrial solutions and auto adhesives & fluids, and the multibase™ and tedlar® businesses, which were previously in corporate & other. electronicsco – a leading global provider of differentiated electronics materials, including key consumables used in semiconductor chip manufacturing, as well as advanced electronic materials enabling reliable signal integrity, power management, and thermal management. it includes the semiconductor technologies and interconnect solutions businesses, as well as the electronics-related product lines previously within industrial solutions, including kalrez®. strategic growth area details once the intended separation of the electronics business is complete, two distinct companies will emerge. both will be industry-leading, global companies with compelling growth opportunities. percent of $12.4b 2024 net sales electronicsco industrialsco semiconductor technologies interconnect solutions healthcare & water technologies diversified industrials 20% 15% 24% 41% summary of key markets served semiconductor technologies interconnect solutions healthcare & water technologies diversified industrials • cmp technologies • advanced packaging • patient safety • clean energy transitions • advanced cleans & slurry technologies • advanced circuit materials • personalized, minimally invasive healthcare • future of mobility • lithographic materials • emi[1] / thermal management (laird) • water scarcity • sustainable and productive construction • specialty sealing solutions • advanced flex technologies • clean water challenges • advanced protective materials • advanced display materials [1] emi = electromagnetic interference. additional details on dupont’s business segments, including product technologies and key raw materials, can be found in our 2024 annual report on form 10-k and our recast of 2024 results on form 8-k filed on may 2, 2025. a a7 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 2-7 employees data represents our employee demographics as of december 31 of each year. there were no material fluctuations in the number of employees during the reporting period. gender breakdown of the number of global, 2022 2023 2024 permanent employees[1],[2] female 31% 32% 32% male 69% 68% 68% employee demographics: global 2022 2023 2024 permanent employees, by region by gender[1],[2] female male female male female male u.s. & canada 25% 75% 26% 74% 26% 74% latin america 51% 49% 50% 50% 47% 53% emea 26% 73% 27% 72% 28% 72% asia pacific 40% 60% 40% 60% 40% 60% [1] values for prior reporting periods are not restated for change in scope of the organization through divestitures and acquisitions. [2] in instances where the total is not 100%, it is because gender was not disclosed. we respect that gender is not binary; however, as a federal contractor, our data aligns with u.s. government reporting requirements and uses the gender categories of male and female. employees who have not disclosed are not included. omission: information unavailable. dupont does not disaggregate employee data by full-time and part-time employees. 2-8 workers who are not employees omission: information unavailable. data is managed locally and not aggregated for disclosure. governance 2-9 governance structure and composition dupont’s governance structure and board committees are described in the 2025 proxy statement, starting on . 2-10 nomination and selection of the highest governance body the process to nominate and select the highest governance body and its committees is described in the 2025 proxy statement, starting on . a a8 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 2-11 chair of the highest governance body the chair of dupont’s highest governance body is identified in the 2025 proxy statement in the board leadership structure section on . 2-12 role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts the role of the highest governance body is described in the 2025 proxy statement in the board leadership structure section, starting on . 2-13 delegation of responsibility for managing impacts the board of directors is responsible for overseeing the company’s strategic direction, including the integration of sustainability-related risks and opportunities into the company’s strategy. certain sustainability-related oversight responsibilities are aligned with the most appropriate committee as reflected in the table below. in addition, the chairs of each of the four standing board committees meet on an ad hoc basis to discuss sustainability-related risks impacting the company’s strategy and to gain alignment on board risk oversight in this area. the environment, health, safety & sustainability committee held five meetings during 2024. a a9 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices board of directors the board oversees the company’s strategic direction, including the integration of sustainability-related risks and opportunities into the overall strategy. oversight of sustainability-related risks and opportunities is managed across the appropriate board committees. environment, health, safety people and compensation nomination and audit committee and sustainability committee committee governance committee • oversight of enterprise sustainability • human capital • board composition. • oversight of controls and strategy, goals, and actions. management oversight. • ensure the board has the procedures related to reporting • oversight and review of • review the use of right mix of skills and of sustainability data. sustainability report. sustainability-related goals experience to effectively • vet current and emerging in compensation programs. oversee sustainability issues. sustainability issues. sustainability leadership executive team executive sponsors council (slc) strategic leadership team (slt) sponsored sustainability executive oversight cross-functional leadership team, chaired by ceo and supported by ctso. committee chaired by ctso. by vp of sustainability, focused on delivering on our 2030 sustainability goals. responsible for company strategy and strategically chosen executives performance, including integration of representing corporate governance, the council ensures sustainability is sustainability strategy, goals, and investment finance, operations, hr, innovation, and aligned with our company purpose and for long-term value creation. directly business leadership. these leaders sponsor deeply embedded in our strategies and engages with the board of directors on sustainability strategy, policies, positions, actions. dedicated leaders for each sustainability strategy and performance. and resourcing and oversee the work of 2030 sustainability goal coordinate with the sustainability leadership council. business, functional, and regional leads to drive progress and results. senior leadership responsibility for our sustainability strategy ultimately resides with our chief technology and sustainability officer (ctso), who reports directly to the ceo. the ctso focuses on the link between sustainability and innovation in our operating model and chairs the sustainability executive oversight committee, a subset of dupont’s senior leadership team. members of the sustainability executive oversight committee represent corporate governance, finance, operations, human resources, innovation, and business leadership. these leaders sponsor sustainability initiatives and policies, oversee the work of the sustainability leadership council (slc), and routinely engage with the dupont board of directors and board committees. a a10 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 2-14 role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting the responsibilities and role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting are described in the 2025 proxy statement in the sustainability oversight section on . 2-15 conflicts of interest processes to ensure conflicts of interest are prevented and mitigated are described in the 2025 proxy statement in the code of conduct and related person transactions sections starting on . 2-16 communication of critical concerns a detailed review of how critical concerns are communicated directly to the highest governance body by stockholders and other parties can be found in the 2025 proxy statement in the communications with the board and directors section on . the sustainability executive oversight committee, chaired by the ctso, is responsible for communicating critical concerns identified by management to the board of directors and board committees during routine engagements. more information on sustainability governance is on pages 63 – 64 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. omission: confidentiality constraints. dupont does not publicly disclose the quantity or nature of critical concerns communicated to the board. 2-17 collective knowledge of the highest governance body the collective knowledge and key qualifications for the highest governance body are described in the 2025 proxy statement in the director nominee skills matrix on . additional details are in the director nominees section on pages 23 – 29. 2-18 evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body a comprehensive description of the performance evaluation of the highest governance body can be found in the 2025 proxy statement in the annual performance evaluation process section on . 2-19 remuneration policies a detailed description of dupont’s remuneration policies and the elements used for determining remuneration can be found in the 2025 proxy statement in the compensation discussion and analysis section starting on . a a11 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 2-20 process to determine remuneration dupont’s remuneration process and annual evaluation can be found in the 2025 proxy statement in the compensation process section starting on . 2-21 annual total compensation ratio the annual compensation ratio of the organization’s highest paid individual to the median annual total compensation for all employees is described in the 2025 proxy statement in the ceo pay ratio section on . 2-22 statement on sustainable development strategy refer to the letter from our chief executive officer, lori d. koch, on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. 2-23 policy commitments position statements represent dupont’s informed views and opinions on industry-related issues. they cover a range of topics that reinforce our commitment to sustainable growth and are important to stakeholders. a complete listing of our positions statements is available at www.dupont.com/position-statements. 2-24 embedding policy commitments the dupont code of conduct is our foremost global policy and relays our expectations regarding bribery and corruption, conflicts of interest, political contributions, government relations, environmental protection and sustainability, product stewardship, human rights, respect for people, ethics reporting, and more. the code of conduct requires every employee to conduct company business with integrity, in compliance with applicable laws, and in a way that excludes consideration of their own personal advantages. new employees receive training on our core values and the dupont code of conduct within their first 60 days of employment. the course is a web-based training module covering ethics, anti-corruption, compliance issues, and related topics. additionally, every employee is required to annually complete a business ethics certification, which contains numerous questions related to ethical conduct and compliance, as well as assertions that the employee has read, understands, and abides by the code of conduct and other critical policies. during the 2024 ethics training campaign, we also had an optional employee survey designed to measure the state of ethical culture at dupont. our supplier code of conduct sets expectations for suppliers doing business with us. as outlined in our supplier code of conduct, we are taking steps to ensure that activities of our suppliers are aligned with our sustainability efforts. in 2024, we updated the text of the supplier code of conduct to further clarify our expectations for our supply chain in response to emerging regulations and to align with industry initiatives that are important to our customers, such as the responsible business alliance (rba) and drive sustainability. the updated supplier code of conduct features several significant enhancements. for example, we added a comprehensive privacy policy in the governance section, integrated requirements for operation clean sweep, introduced new guidelines for emergency preparedness, and refined the cybersecurity section to align with dupont's stringent data security requirements, ensuring robust protection measures. additionally, the occupational health and safety policy was meticulously revised to reflect the latest industry standards, reinforcing our commitment to a safe and compliant work environment. a a12 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices our supplier code of conduct is organized according to our core values and references the ten principles of the united nations global compact initiative, the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights, the international labor organization, the declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work, and the global chemical industry’s responsible care® program. it details our expectations and requirements on matters of the environment, labor, human rights, and impacts on society. we include the supplier code of conduct in our terms and conditions for all supplier purchase orders. this is in addition to existing contract language and other mechanisms in place to make sure our suppliers adhere to our human rights policy and all applicable laws and regulations. a supplier code of conduct training video developed in 2024 is available on our supplier portal for further clarification. in 2023, we updated both our human rights position statement and child and forced labor position statement to incorporate more comprehensive language protecting the rights of indigenous people and other vulnerable groups. we also updated the contract language in our master service agreements to incorporate human rights-specific indemnity clauses. human rights training content has been developed for broad corporate use as well. 2-25 processes to remediate negative impacts reference gri disclosure 2-26, which includes a description of how reports of misconduct are addressed. allegations related to ethics and compliance, human resources (hr), security, information technology (it), and environmental, health, & safety (eh&s) are each addressed through this mechanism. 2-26 mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns dupont has established a corporate hotline that is globally available to all employees and any interested party to raise concerns about the company’s business conduct. the hotline is operated by an external third party. the compliance function has visibility into hotline complaints and has the responsibility to assign these matters for appropriate investigation and resolution. all ethics/compliance allegations are investigated and resolved by our ethics and compliance central (ecc) team, while other non-ethics related matters are delegated to other functions such as hr, security, it, or eh&s. ecc maintains all relevant documentation for each hotline case resolution. in 2024, none of the substantiated ethics matters qualified for our highest-level violation definition. reported ethics allegations are classified into the following categories: accounting and financial irregularities; conflict of interest; improper use of dupont assets; misstatement of official company records; bribery/extortion/inappropriate gratuity; fraud; insider trading; release of confidential information; theft/embezzlement; concealment of non-compliance with company policy, procedure, or standard; improper behavior by third-party; knowing non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations; and retaliation. we are invested in providing a timely and thorough resolution for any investigation initiated by the company. consistency, fairness, and speedy resolution benefit all parties involved and demonstrate the company’s commitment to ethics and compliance. in 2024, the average number of days an ethics investigation remained open was 33 days. the company provides resources to assist all employees who encounter ethics and compliance issues that are difficult to resolve. an employee’s manager or supervisor is the first and best resource since this person is familiar with the employee’s duties. if the manager or supervisor is not available, or if the employee is not comfortable discussing the matter with his or her manager, the following resources are also available: • business, function, or site leadership; • business/function ethics & compliance champions; • corporate ethics and compliance team; • human resources (for workplace issues and policies); and • dupont ethics and compliance hotline — u.s. number: 844-539-2169. a a13 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices the company treats all reports of misconduct and subsequent investigations as confidential. identification, investigative process, and reputation are protected. management and investigators share information only with employees who need to address the question or concern. alternatively, employees can also request to remain anonymous, and the company will protect the employee’s anonymity when feasible and legal. to ensure prompt and consistent enforcement of the code of conduct, the company will investigate reported instances of misconduct, such as violations of the law, regulations, or company policies and procedures. where misconduct is identified, responsible individuals will be held accountable and disciplined, as applicable, up to and including employment termination and possible civil or criminal action. making an intentionally false accusation of wrongdoing is considered misconduct. to ensure alignment, transparency, fairness, and consistency, all ethics and compliance investigations are resolved by ad hoc, cross-functional ethics committees. these committees generally include an ecc investigator, hr, and any relevant business contacts involved in the matter. decisions are made by consensus, and implementation of remedial and corrective actions are duly monitored. additionally, management works with ecc to perform a root cause/corrective action analysis based on the “seven plus requirements for an effective compliance and ethics program” within 45 days after the ethics committee’s decision on the relevant actual violation of misconduct, when necessary. our ecc team promptly reports every instance of substantiated ethics and compliance matters to the business president, functional leader, general counsel, and chief executive officer (ceo). in 2024, dupont received 132 ethics complaints and 26% of allegations were substantiated. every substantiated violation required an ethics committee to decide upon and monitor appropriate disciplinary actions and remedial and corrective measures. we must maintain an environment where concerns and potential problems are brought forward. dupont has a zero-tolerance policy against retaliation. anyone who, in good faith, raises a concern, reports suspected misconduct, or provides information related to an inquiry of suspected misconduct should be protected. the company will investigate any instances of possible retaliation and discipline employees who have retaliated against someone who has reported possible misconduct. 2-27 compliance with laws and regulations in 2024, we had no significant instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. we determine significant instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations by assessing and evaluating the severity of the impact resulting from the instances. a discussion of environmental legal proceedings is found in our 2024 annual report on form 10-k on under the heading item 3. legal proceedings. a a14 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 2-28 membership associations dupont has a significant role (holds a position in the governance body, participates in projects or committees, or provides substantive funding beyond routine membership dues) in the following membership organizations: adhesive and sealants council european safety federation plasticseurope germany alliance to save energy european sealing association (esa) printing united alliance – specialty graphic imaging association american chamber of commerce to the european union (amcham) federchimica (italian chemical industry association) responsible business association (rba) american chemistry council (acc) german association for gas and water (dvgw) semiconductor climate consortium (semi scc) american membrane technology association german association for lubricants (vsi) silicones europe association of the european adhesive & sealant industry (feica) german chemical industry association (vci) society of tribologists and lubrication engineers (stle) assolombarda german electro and digital industry association (zvei) sterile barrier association (sba) batteries european partnership association (bepa) international aerospace working group (iaeg) water europe ceo water mandate international desalination and reuse association water resilience coalition climate group (re100) medtech europe water.org edana the leading nonwovens association national lubricating grease institute (nlgi) world business council for sustainable development (wbcsd) energy and environmental building alliance (eeba) national safety council world resources institute (wri) corporate consulting group (ccg) european chemical industry council (cefic) plastics europe european process safety centre (epsc) plastics europe fluoropolymers group stakeholder engagement 2-29 approach to stakeholder engagement direct engagement with our stakeholders is a key element of implementing dupont’s sustainability strategy. consistent, transparent communication is essential to ensure that our valued customers, investors, suppliers, community leaders, and other stakeholders receive accurate, credible information and understand the ways we consider their priorities in our sustainability strategy. we partner with our customers, suppliers, and others to deliver solutions that add value and address global sustainability challenges. we publish position statements to provide stakeholders with information on our position on key issues such as climate change, human rights, product safety, transparency, and more. additionally, our annual sustainability report and our submissions to cdp’s climate and water questionnaires, ecovadis, and other sustainability assessments serve as communication paths with our stakeholders. customers open dialogue with our customers facilitates a better understanding of their evolving needs, priorities, and the ways we can collaborate for the greatest possible benefit. we have a disciplined approach to engagement with our customers to gather insights and align our work to add value. in 2024, we continued to advance learning through our customer and value chain engagements. these customer insights establish a direct link between our innovation platforms and the sustainability priorities of our customers. the customer insights provide clarity for dupont businesses and functions, increase the commercialization success of sustainable products, and enable our customers’ success in achieving their sustainability objectives. climate change is the number one sustainability topic for dupont’s customers and value chains. additionally, we integrate our customer engagement program with our portfolio sustainability assessment (psa) methodology, enabling our innovation teams to identify and address important and valuable customer sustainability challenges. lastly, we maintain a multi-functional process to manage requests from customers for sustainability information that improves responsiveness and enables us to incorporate the requests as inputs to understanding our customer's sustainability priorities. additional discussion of engagement with customers is on pages 14 – 15 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. a a15 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices investors we communicate directly with investors through email, phone, conferences, and in-person meetings. investor priorities and engagement focus on key sustainability-related interests and transparency. in 2024, investor analysts were most engaged in our approach to climate, integration of sustainability factors in governance (board-level engagement, compensation), and diversity, equity, and inclusion (de&i) initiatives. primary mechanisms for sharing sustainability-related information are the annual sustainability report, the annual proxy statement, and periodic highlights in investor and quarterly earnings presentations. all of these are available on the investor section of our website. sustainability-related press releases are also available at www.dupont.com. we respond to targeted disclosure requests from investor-focused rating and ranking agencies such as cdp, msci, sustainalytics, and others. employees our sustainability strategy depends on the commitment of our employees across the organization to apply sustainability in the work they do every day. we use several methods to inform, inspire, and seek input from our employees on sustainability topics. we routinely share information on our strategy, goals, performance, and advancement of company purpose through dedicated sustainability pages and internal news feeds on our intranet. global town halls have featured presentations of sustainability strategy and progress and give employees the opportunity to ask questions of leadership. we support local sustainability networks for employees to take on projects that advance our goals and their local interests, and nurture a culture focused on sustainable value creation. we’ve invested in a sustainability-focused news feed open to all employees that shares news from dupont customers, peers, and thought leaders. additional discussion of engagement with employees is on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. suppliers our suppliers are interested in sustainability-oriented business opportunities and want to understand and respond to our sustainable procurement initiatives. we continue to expand our global strategic supplier engagement program to advance progress on climate, supplier diversity, de&i, and other sustainability priorities. in 2024, we updated the text of the supplier code of conduct to further clarify our expectations for our supply chain in response to emerging regulations and in alignment with industry initiatives that are important to our customers, such as the responsible business alliance (rba) and drive sustainability. our close collaboration and communication with our supplier base helps us build new capabilities for the future that enable us to meet customer and industry sustainability priorities. additional discussion of engagement with suppliers is on pages 60 and 68 – 69 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. governments we engage government stakeholders globally through meetings with elected u.s., e.u., national, state, provincial, and local officials and by participating in forums with high-level government representatives, consistent with our core value of highest ethical behavior where we conduct ourselves in accordance with the highest ethical standards, and in compliance with all applicable laws, always striving to be a respected corporate citizen worldwide. communities we seek collaborative partnerships that create shared value for the communities in which we operate, live, and work. we support and collaborate with non-governmental organizations (ngos), including habitat for humanity international, water.org, and hundreds of other ngos, leveraging our unique capabilities to make an impact in our communities and beyond. in 2024, via financial donations, in-kind product donations, and employee volunteer events, we supported 772 charitable projects globally through a variety of local and global initiatives. also in 2024, dupont completed assessments at 21 u.s. sites to determine a roadmap of local actions and a management process for developing community action and engagement plans. as of the end of 2023, over 5.7 million lives had been impacted since january 2020 through community projects. additional discussion of engagement with communities is on pages 57 – 59 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. 2-30 collective bargaining agreements about 20% of our north and latin american workforce is covered by collective bargaining agreements. a a16 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices gri 3: material topics 2021 3-1 process to determine material topics dupont identified the topics for inclusion in our sustainability report through two processes: • referencing the results of our multi-stakeholder materiality assessment, which was conducted in 2021 to determine “near-term strategic esg” topics for our businesses; and • on-going monitoring of the expectations of our stakeholders for transparency. to determine near-term strategic environmental, social, and governance (esg) topics, in 2021, we completed a coordinated, multi-stakeholder materiality assessment to renew our strategic sustainability priorities and provide insight into the changing landscape of esg risk. the results of the assessment were updated risk assessments for material esg issues, enabling further integration of esg topics within our enterprise risk management (erm) process. the first phase of the materiality assessment concluded with an executive leadership review of key esg risk integration within our erm process. in the second phase of the 2021 materiality assessment, we focused engagement on our top global customers to gain insight into the sustainable innovations that matter most to their relationship with dupont and their long-term business success. in our customer engagement exercise, we confirmed the sustainability priorities of our strategic customers. to determine additional topics for inclusion in the dupont 2025 sustainability report, our corporate sustainability team monitors stakeholder expectations for disclosure through direct customer engagement, feedback from our employees, indicators in investor-focused ratings, and direct engagement with investors. examples of topics that emerged from these engagements include environmental justice and biodiversity. in 2024, dupont conducted a preliminary double materiality assessment (dma) in preparation for potential future reporting obligations under the corporate sustainability reporting directive (csrd). our determination of material topics was aligned with the materiality assessment process described in the european sustainability reporting standards (esrs). this comprehensive approach considered both impact materiality, which evaluates the company's effects on the environment and society, and financial materiality, which assesses how sustainability issues might impact the company’s financial performance. the dma involved structured internal stakeholder engagements, analysis of internal documentation, benchmarking against industry practices, and a structured scoring methodology for assessing the materiality of potential impacts, risks, and opportunities. the result is a list of material topics aligned with esrs standards and additional entity-specific topics not currently covered by the esrs standard disclosures. the preliminary dma was completed prior to the csrd omnibus proposal and we are continuing to monitor progress on the adoption of elements of the proposal. we will continue to refine our dma and corresponding disclosures to align with the expected reporting requirements of the csrd and the scope of the company following the intended separation of electronicsco. the use of the term “materiality” and the topic disclosures included in this report refers to definitions of materiality specific to sustainability reporting frameworks, including gri and esrs. the determination of materiality or disclosure in this context should not be read as implying materiality in the context of the u.s. federal securities laws or any other regulatory framework. the approach to materiality for sustainability disclosures is broader than that considered for compliance with regulated reporting requirements from the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec). a a17 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 3-2 list of material topics the list of material topics presented has not changed from the prior reporting period. identified as a near-term disclosure expected by material topics gri topic standards strategic esg issue stakeholders sustainable innovation none ● ● gri 305: emissions 2016 climate change ● ● gri 201: economic performance 2016 circular economy gri 301: materials 2016 ● ● gri 416: customer health and safety 2016 chemical stewardship ● ● gri 417: marketing and labeling 2016 gri 401: employment 2016 diversity, equity, and inclusion ● ● gri 405: diversity and equal opportunity 2016 gri 204: procurement practices 2016 responsible procurement gri 308: supplier environmental assessment 2016 ● ● gri 414: supplier social assessment 2016 energy gri 302: energy 2016 ● water gri 303: water and effluents 2018 ● waste gri 306: waste 2020 ● employment gri 401: employment 2016 ● occupational health and safety gri 403: occupational health and safety 2016 ● training and education gri 404: training and education 2016 ● a a18 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices gri 201: economic performance 2016 3-3 management of material topic disclosed in detail in our 2024 annual report on form 10-k filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec). 201-2 financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change reference our tcfd disclosure index on pages a58 – a67. 201-3 defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans disclosed in our 2024 annual report on form 10-k under the heading pension and other post-employment plans on . gri 204: procurement practices 2016 3-3 management of material topic management processes for responsible procurement are described in the responsible procurement narrative on pages 68 – 69 and in the supplier diversity narrative on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. 204-1 proportion of spending on local suppliers omission: information unavailable. our reporting and metrics are relative to diverse suppliers, defined as small businesses, minority-owned, woman-owned, veteran-owned, disability-owned, and lgbtq+-owned businesses. refer to discussion of dupont’s engagement with diverse suppliers on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. we continue to build an inclusive community of suppliers who meet our high standards and qualifications to partner with dupont. it is the policy of dupont that our businesses include and support high-performing small and diverse suppliers in their supply chains as a component of our global commitment to diversity and inclusion. ensuring our supplier base reflects our customers, employees, and the communities where we live and work is a key business strategy. this policy is enabled by our global procurement team and implemented by our businesses. a a19 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices gri 302: energy 2016 3-3 management of material topic management processes for energy are incorporated in dupont’s environmental, health, safety, and security commitment, operational excellence (opex) framework, and environmental, health, and safety (eh&s) management system. our energy management processes are also described in the acting on climate section on pages 24 and 26 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. our approach to energy management focuses on optimizing energy use, pursuing energy efficiency initiatives, transitioning to renewable energy sources, and minimizing the greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions associated with energy consumption. we actively pursue opportunities to improve energy efficiency across all operations. this includes implementing energy-efficient technologies, optimizing processes, and engaging employees in energy conservation practices through our bold energy plan. since launching our scopes 1 and 2 emissions reduction targets in 2019, we have implemented low-carbon technologies and optimized processes to drive significant emissions reductions. our ongoing bold energy plan leverages a network of site energy champions to identify and execute energy efficiency projects, with 40 initiatives projected to contribute to a reduction of 7,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (mtco e) of emissions in 2024. at dupont, we view renewable electricity as an opportunity to create value for our customers and as an important element for meeting our emissions reduction goals. we align our renewable electricity 2 strategy with specific businesses and products to decarbonize their value chains. in 2024, 61% of our electricity was procured from renewable sources or through the purchase of renewable energy certificates (recs). dupont actively participates in partnerships and initiatives that promote a collective response to the climate challenge. we are involved with the re100 initiative, which advocates for sourcing 100% renewable electricity by 2050, and the alliance to save energy, which works to advance federal energy efficiency policy. a a20 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 302-1 energy consumption within the organization energy consumption data is collected from the fuel providers/utilities and then reported by dupont sites using a specialized corporate sustainability reporting software application. conversion factors are sourced from the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) and u.k. department for environment, food, and rural affairs (defra). 2022 2023 2024 % change fuels mmbtu mwh mmbtu mwh mmbtu mwh from prior year non-renewable fuels kerosene-type jet fuel 18,000 5,000 20,000 6,000 17,000 5,000 -12% diesel fuel 27,000 8,000 23,000 7,000 21,000 6,000 -10% distillate fuel oil (#1, #2) 58,000 17,000 13,000 4,000 12,000 3,000 -8% electric 0 0 0 0 0 0 —% gasoline/petrol 34,000 10,000 36,000 11,000 38,000 11,000 3% hydrogen 0 0 0 0 0 0 —% kerosene 50,000 15,000 49,000 14,000 46,000 14,000 -5% liquefied petroleum gas (lpg) 2,000 1,000 2,000 1,000 2,000 1,000 -4% natural gas 6,626,000 1,942,000 6,076,000 1,781,000 6,135,000 1,798,000 <1% propane 15,000 4,000 14,000 4,000 12,000 3,000 -19% refinery fuel gas (rfg) 0 0 0 0 0 0 —% residual fuel (#4, #5, #6) 65,000 19,000 68,000 20,000 65,000 19,000 -5% waste gas 0 0 0 0 0 0 —% waste liquid 87,000 25,000 19,000 6,000 0 0 -100% waste solid 0 0 0 0 0 0 —% total non-renewable fuels 6,983,000 2,046,000 6,320,000 1,852,000 6,347,000 1,860,000 <1% renewable fuels biodiesel 6 2 4 1 9 3 200% biogas from wastewater treatment 0 0 0 0 0 0 —% ethanol 66 19 3 1 2 1 —% total renewable fuels 72 21 7 2 11 4 100% total fuels (non-renewable + renewable) 6,983,000 2,046,000 6,320,000 1,852,000 6,347,000 1,860,000 <1% a a21 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices % change energy use by type[1],[2] unit 2022 2023 2024 from prior year fuels mwh 2,046,000 1,852,000 1,860,000 <1% renewable fuels % <1% <1% <1% —% electricity mwh 1,700,000 1,663,000 1,675,000 1% renewable electricity (excluding recs) % <1% <1% <1% —% renewable electricity (including recs)[3] % 54% 57% 61% 7% steam mwh 1,495,000 1,527,000 1,488,000 -3% heat transfer fluid mwh 0 0 0 —% chilled water mwh 38 36 34 -6% [1] purchased energy figures are net of energy sold to non-dupont tenants and adjacent non-dupont sites or buildings. [2] where a renewable % is not listed (steam, heat transfer fluid, and chilled water), dupont’s use of that fuel type is 100% non-renewable. [3] dupont has a target to source 60% of power to operations from renewable sources, including recs, by 2030. 302-2 energy consumption outside of the organization omission: information unavailable. while we do not estimate energy consumption outside of the organization, we do use our scope 3 ghg emissions as a proxy for energy consumption. we will continue to evaluate drivers and our ability to measure and report in the future. a a22 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 302-3 energy intensity energy intensity is reported based on both production volume and revenue. the energy intensity ratio includes all types of energy consumed within the organization, including fuel, electricity, heating, cooling, and steam. the mwh of energy use by type is reported in disclosure gri 302-1. % change unit 2022 2023 2024 from prior year numerator total energy mwh 5,240,000 5,042,000 5,023,000 denominator production volume[1] mt 921,000 852,000 878,000 revenue million usd $13,017 $12,068 $12,386 intensities energy intensity, production basis mwh/mt 5.69 5.92 5.72 -3% energy intensity, revenue basis mwh/million 403 418 406 -3% usd [1] the production volume parameter measures overall weight from manufacturing facilities of both final products and intermediate products that may be transferred to another manufacturing site for final processing. 302-4 reduction of energy consumption in 2024, we identified a portfolio of 40 projects expected to achieve a reduction of 7,000 mtco e of scopes 1 and 2 emissions, along with a 13,000 mwh decrease in energy consumption. 2 the projects reduced the consumption of several types of energy, including steam, electricity, and fuels. some examples of these types of projects include production schedule optimization to optimize energy consumption, replacement of obsolete equipment with more efficient machines, and steam consumption optimization. calculations of savings vary depending on project type and may be direct measurements of energy consumption or estimated comparisons of energy use before and after project implementation. the reported total annual savings is the sum of the savings of the individual projects. 302-5 reductions in energy requirements of products and services omission: not applicable. an insignificant number of dupont’s sold products have energy requirements in use, so this metric is not reported. a a23 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices gri 303: water and effluents 2018 3-3 management of material topic management processes for water are described in the leading water stewardship section starting on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. 303-1 interactions with water as a shared resource how we interact with water dupont’s water stewardship strategy addresses how we manage the use of water within our sites and watersheds; support sustainable water stewardship through the products we innovate and deliver to our customers; and use our expertise to collaborate, advocate, and share knowledge to improve the use of water globally. in our own operations, we use water for several purposes, including to cool process equipment, as a solvent, as a production ingredient, and for sanitary purposes. most of the water used in our operations is returned to local watersheds following appropriate treatment (either on-site or through publicly owned treatment works). in 2024, we consumed 11% of the water we withdrew. water consumption includes water used as an ingredient in products or lost to evaporation or waste streams. we indirectly impact the water interactions of our customers through our portfolio of products that enable the purification, conservation, and reuse of water in the hardest-to-treat applications. our products solve complex water sustainability challenges, from bringing fresh and clean drinking water to millions of homes to minimizing the environmental impact of industrial water treatment and reuse. we seek to make a positive impact on water and shape a more resilient water future through our collaborative approach across companies, sectors, and borders. examples of the impacts of our 2024 collaborations are described on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. water governance is effectively established at the site level for each targeted area through the integration of water stewardship processes with the dupont iso 14001-certified global environmental management system. the site water stewardship teams consist of the plant manager, environmental, health, and safety (eh&s) leaders and specialists, and other subject matter experts. site teams are structured to assess implementation and strategic processes, offering updates on policies, objectives, and targets. the plant manager is accountable for compliance with water-related laws and regulations. our approach to identifying impacts we’ve assessed our manufacturing sites using the world resources institute (wri) aqueduct water risk atlas and world wide fund for nature (wwf) water risk filter tool to model water risk factors. the assessment reviewed several risk factors, including baseline water stress level, water quality, and drought and/or flood risk, among others. our strategy includes the direction to revisit this modeling regularly as needed. we’ve identified a group of 15 sites that either operate in high-risk watersheds or are among those with the highest water consumption in dupont. as a result of our holistic water strategy, targeted sites have effectively recognized shared water challenges, such as possible interruptions in water supply and issues related to water quality. to effectively address shared water challenges within site catchments, targeted sites have adopted best practices for water management designed to enhance performance, monitoring, and overall water stewardship management. collaboration with both internal and external stakeholders has facilitated the identification of focus areas for effectively addressing shared water challenges. a a24 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices a description of how water impacts are addressed dupont is addressing water impact in our own operations and taking action to promote long-term water security. we’ve committed to implementing a holistic water stewardship strategy aligned with the alliance for water stewardship international water stewardship standard (aws standard). each site progresses through three stages to fully implement our holistic water stewardship strategy: • stage 1: establish governance for the strategy implementation at the site and draft water stewardship goals and plan; • stage 2: conduct technical studies of water use at the site, including water balances. understand water catchment and local issues and align site strategy; and • stage 3: evaluate the performance of stewardship plan, implement best practices, and engage catchment stakeholders. communicate and disclose performance. the three-year implementation process at each site is followed by ongoing governance of the water stewardship plan. process for setting goals and targets we have established the following goals related to water stewardship: • implement holistic water stewardship strategies at sites in high-risk watersheds and at high-consumption sites by 2030. we selected sites in scope for the goal based on our assessment of site water risk and impact using the wri aqueduct water risk atlas and wwf’s water risk filter tool to model the water risk factors described above. of our approximately 110 manufacturing sites worldwide, there are 15 sites that either operate in high-risk watersheds or are among those with the highest water consumption. • enable millions of people to access clean water through leadership in advancing water technology and enacting strategic partnerships. as of the end of 2024, we estimate that more than 13 million people have improved drinking water access and quality since 2019 through the implementation of critical water treatment expansions and upgrades, an increase of 5 million people since the prior year. progress against goals and targets of the 15 targeted dupont sites, three have fully implemented holistic water strategies, and an additional six have initiated implementation, positioning us to meet our goal of full implementation across all targeted sites by 2030. water stewardship progress 15 sites 2030 goal 9 sites completed stage 1 6 sites completed stage 2 3 sites completed stage 3 a a25 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 303-3 water withdrawal water withdrawal data is reported by dupont sites using a specialized corporate sustainability reporting software application. the data sources vary by site and can include direct measurements from flow meters, data provided by utility providers, or estimates. the reported withdrawal from sites identified as high water-related risk is from sites that have been assessed for risk and included in the scope of our goal to implement holistic water stewardship strategies at sites in high-risk watersheds and at high-consumption sites by 2030. we’ve assessed our global water footprint and modeled water risk factors for all dupont sites globally using the wri aqueduct water risk atlas and wwf’s water risk filter tool. our water risk assessment reviewed several risk factors, including baseline water stress level, water quality, and drought and/or flood risk, among others. our strategy directs us to revisit this modeling regularly as needed. we also identified sites with the highest consumption of water. of our approximately 110 manufacturing sites worldwide, we’ve identified 15 as sites operating in high-risk watersheds or sites with the highest consumption. water withdrawal from sites operating in high-risk areas is just 2% of dupont's total water withdrawals. % change unit 2022 2023 2024 from prior year total water withdrawal, from all sources mil gal 20,700 20,700 19,600 -5% mil gal 399 401 411 2% withdrawal at sites identified as high water-related risk % 2% 2% 2% omission: information unavailable. breakdown of water withdrawal by source is reported internally but not aggregated for external disclosure. a a26 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 303-4 water discharge water discharge data is reported by dupont sites using a specialized corporate sustainability reporting software application. the data sources vary by site and can include direct measurements from flow meters, data provided by utility providers, or estimates. the reported discharge from sites identified as high water-related risk is from sites that have been assessed for risk and included in the scope of our goal to implement holistic water stewardship strategies at sites in high-risk watersheds and at high-consumption sites by 2030. we’ve assessed our global water footprint and modeled water risk factors for all dupont sites globally using the wri aqueduct water risk atlas and wwf’s water filter risk tool. our water risk assessment reviewed several risk factors, including baseline water stress level, water quality, and drought and/or flood risk, among others. our strategy directs us to revisit this modeling regularly as needed. we also identified sites with the highest consumption of water. of our approximately 110 manufacturing sites worldwide, we’ve identified 15 sites operating in high-risk watersheds or sites with the highest consumption. water discharge from sites operating in high-risk areas is just 2% of dupont's total water discharge. % change unit 2022 2023 2024 from prior year total water discharge, from all sources mil gal 18,900 19,500 20,000 3% mil gal 348 361 362 <1% discharge from sites identified as high water-related risk % 2% 2% 2% omission: information unavailable. breakdown of water discharge by source is reported internally but not aggregated for external disclosure. a a27 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 303-5 water consumption water consumption data is reported by dupont sites using a specialized corporate sustainability reporting software application. water consumption is typically calculated using the difference between water withdrawal and water discharge. the reported consumption by sites identified as high water-related risk is from sites that have been assessed for risk and included in the scope of our goal to implement holistic water stewardship strategies at sites in high-risk watersheds and at high-consumption sites by 2030. we’ve assessed our global water footprint and modeled water risk factors for all dupont sites globally using the wri aqueduct water risk atlas and wwf’s water filter risk tool. our water risk assessment reviewed several risk factors, including baseline water stress level, water quality, and drought and/or flood risk, among others. our strategy directs us to revisit this modeling regularly as needed. we also identified sites with the highest consumption of water. of our approximately 110 manufacturing sites worldwide, we’ve identified 15 as sites operating in high-risk watersheds or sites with the highest consumption. water consumption at sites operating in high-risk areas is just 2% of dupont's total water consumption. % change unit 2022 2023 2024 from prior year total water consumption mil gal 2,600 2,300 2,200 -6% mil gal 51 40 49 23% consumption at sites identified as high water-related risk % 2% 2% 2% gri 305: emissions 2016 3-3 management of material topic management processes for emissions and climate change are included in our task force on climate-related financial disclosures (tcfd) disclosure index on pages a58 – a67 of the appendices. our management approach prioritizes the identification of climate-related risks and opportunities, significantly improving our strategic capacity to understand and mitigate our climate impact. since setting our first 2030 climate goal in 2019, we have achieved rapid reductions in emissions. our comprehensive strategy for climate action addresses our impact, risks, and opportunities. management and board oversight of our climate strategy is embedded in our sustainability governance processes. progress toward meeting our acting on climate goal, including the development of roadmaps to meet targets and the engagement of our business units, is led by an enterprise-level climate strategist. dupont’s chief technology and sustainability officer (ctso) and chief operations and engineering officer together are responsible for performance on our climate goals and report jointly to the ceo and board on progress. at dupont, our individual businesses continue to refine their climate transition plans, leading to significant advancements in their strategic approaches and a stronger alignment with emerging market drivers. each business strategy focuses on developing comprehensive roadmaps that address expected value chain needs. the focus varies based on the value chain and includes life cycle assessments (lcas)/product carbon footprint (pcf) assessments and avoided emissions. understanding our customers’ climate priorities is a key input to our strategy. in 2024, we continued to advance learning through our customer and value chain engagements. these customer insights establish a direct link between our innovation platforms and the sustainability priorities of our customers. the customer insights provide clarity for dupont businesses and functions, increase the commercialization success of sustainable products, and enable our customers’ success in achieving their sustainability objectives. climate change is highlighted as a top sustainability priority for dupont’s customers and value chains. a a28 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices in 2024, we submitted a letter to the science based targets initiative (sbti) indicating our intent to set long-term science-based greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions reduction targets and establish an end-to-end value chain target to achieve net-zero ghg emissions by 2050. progress towards climate goals: in 2024, we made significant progress against our 2030 ghg emissions reduction goals: • scopes 1 and 2 emissions: we set goals to reduce our ghg emissions by 50% (from a 2019 baseline) by 2030 and achieve net-zero emissions by 2050. by the end of 2024, we successfully achieved a 66% reduction in our scopes 1 and 2 emissions, surpassing our 2030 target. • scope 3 emissions: we set a goal to reduce our scope 3 emissions from purchased goods and services and end-of-life of sold products by 25% by 2030 from a 2020 baseline. as of the end of 2024, we achieved a 60% reduction, exceeding our 2030 goal. • renewable energy commitment: to fulfill our re100 commitment, we set a goal to source 60% of our operational power from renewable sources by 2030. by the end of 2024, we met this target, sourcing 61% of our operational power from renewables. 305-1 direct (scope 1) ghg emissions direct emissions are calculated according to the ghg protocol corporate accounting and reporting standard, using the operational control approach. the following ghgs are included in the calculations: co , ch , n o, and hfcs, 2 4 2 including ch and n o emissions from biogenic sources that are combusted. there are no emissions from pfcs, nf , or sf in the inventory. co emissions from biogenic emissions are reported separately. while we report our total 4 2 3 6 2 gross scope 1 emissions, we set our goals excluding emissions from the production of energy for third parties, such as non-dupont tenants or adjacent facilities. the emission factors are sourced from the u.s. environmental protection agency's (epa) ghg emissions factor hub (year 2024) and the u.k. department for environment, food, and rural affairs (defra) ghg conversion factors (2024). global warming potential (gwp) rates are from the intergovernmental panel on climate change’s (ipcc) fifth assessment report (ar5) based on a 100-year timeframe. the 2019 base year is the first year of dupont operating following the separation of dowdupont. the base year and subsequent years’ data have been recalculated according to the recommendations of the ghg protocol as the scale of the company has changed through acquisitions and divestitures. dupont’s scope 1 ghg emissions have been assured by wsp, an independent third party. see the assurance statement for engagement details and findings. 2019 % change direct (scope 1) ghg emissions in units of mtcoe 2022 2023 2024 2 (base year) from prior year direct energy emissions 397,000 362,000 328,000 330,000 <1% process-related ghg emissions 1,545,000 949,000 324,000 86,000 -73% emissions due to mobile fuels 9,000 6,000 6,000 5,000 -4% total direct ghg emissions (scope 1) 2,058,000 1,408,000 719,000 496,000 -31% biogenic emissions 222 5 < 1 < 1 —% a a29 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 305-2 energy indirect (scope 2) ghg emissions scope 2 emissions are calculated according to the ghg protocol corporate accounting and reporting standard, using the operational control approach. the following ghgs are included in the calculations: co , ch , n o, and hfcs, 2 4 2 including any ch and n o emissions from biogenic sources that are combusted. there are no emissions from nf , sf , and pfcs in the inventory. while we report both location-based and market-based values according to the ghg 4 2 3 6 protocol, our ghg emissions reduction goal is based on the market-based value. biogenic emissions are reported separately. the emission factors are sourced from the u.s. epa, u.k. defra, and the international energy agency (iea). gwp rates are from the ipcc’s fifth assessment report (ar5) based on a 100-year timeframe. the 2019 base year is the first year of dupont operating following the separation of dowdupont. the base year and subsequent years’ data have been recalculated according to the recommendations of the ghg protocol, as the scale of the company has changed through acquisitions and divestitures. wsp, an independent third party, has assured dupont’s scope 2 ghg emissions. see the assurance statement for engagement details and findings. energy indirect (scope 2) ghg emissions in units of 2019 % change 2022 2023 2024 mtco e (base year) from prior year 2 scope 2 ghg emissions, location-based 1,011,000 877,000 860,000 833,000 -3% scope 2 ghg emissions, market-based 1,013,000 609,000 576,000 561,000 -3% 305-3 other indirect (scope 3) ghg emissions scope 3 emissions are calculated with reference to the ghg protocol corporate accounting and reporting standard and the corporate value chain (scope 3) accounting and reporting standard, as well as the world business council for sustainable development (wbcsd) guidance for accounting and reporting corporate ghg emissions in the chemical sector value chain. the following ghgs are included in the calculations: co , ch , n o, hfcs, pfcs, sf , and 2 4 2 6 nf . the 2020 base year was the first full year of dupont operating and being able to calculate scope 3 emissions following the separation of dowdupont. the base year and subsequent years’ data have been recalculated according to 3 the recommendations of the ghg protocol, as the scale of the company has changed through acquisitions and divestitures. we continue to improve our estimates of upstream and downstream scope 3 ghg emissions and expand our disclosures. in 2024, we made substantial improvements in our methodology for estimating several of the scope 3 categories. we use data from a variety of sources, including economic factors, average lca data, and primary data. in 2024, we obtained product carbon footprint (pcf) data from key raw material suppliers through our together for the planet campaign. the supplier-specific data improved the accuracy of our upstream scope 3 calculations. a a30 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 2020 % change % change scope 3 ghg emissions in units of mtcoe 2022 2023 2024 % of total 2 (base year) from prior year from base year category 1: purchased goods and services 4,247,000 4,888,000 3,749,000 3,574,000 63% -5% category 2: capital goods 80,000 63,000 59,000 61,000 1% 4% category 3: fuel and energy related activities 508,000 524,000 508,000 508,000 9% —% category 4: upstream transportation & distribution 629,000 850,000 588,000 530,000 9% -10% category 5: waste 61,000 72,000 69,000 70,000 1% 2% category 6: business travel 1,000 10,000 10,000 12,000 <1% 20% category 7: employee commuting 19,000 21,000 21,000 24,000 <1% 13% category 8: upstream leased assets 2,000 1,000 1,000 1,000 <1% 14% category 9: downstream transportation & distribution 15,000 25,000 24,000 20,000 <1% -19% category 10: processing of sold products 222,000 232,000 216,000 223,000 4% 3% category 11: use of sold products 70,000 51,000 33,000 19,000 <1% -42% category 12: end-of-life of sold products 5,957,000 4,287,000 1,794,000 558,000 10% -69% category 13: downstream leased assets not applicable category 14: franchises not applicable category 15: investments 37,000 35,000 31,000 32,000 <1% 3% total 11,848,000 11,060,000 7,102,000 5,631,000 100% -21% category 1 + category 12[1] 10,204,000 9,175,000 5,543,000 4,132,000 -25% -60% [1] we set an sbti-approved target to reduce scope 3 categories 1 and 12 ghg emissions by 25% by 2030 from the 2020 base year. these two categories were selected as the scope for target setting because they represent our two largest categories of emissions and are where we have the greatest ability to make reductions. a a31 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 305-4 ghg emissions intensity ghg intensity is reported based on both production volume and revenue. the energy intensity ratio includes scope 1 and scope 2 (market-based) emissions as reported in gri 305-1 and 305-2. % change unit 2022 2023 2024 from prior year numerator total scopes 1 and 2 (market-based) emissions mtcoe 2,017,000 1,294,000 1,056,000 2 denominator production volume[1] mt 921,000 852,000 878,000 revenue million usd $13,017 $12,068 $12,386 intensities ghg intensity, production basis mtcoe/mt 2.19 1.52 1.20 -21% 2 ghg intensity, revenue basis mtcoe/ million 155 107 85 -20% 2 usd [1] the production volume parameter measures overall weight from manufacturing facilities of both final products and intermediate products that may be transferred to another manufacturing site for final processing. 305-5 reduction of ghg emissions in 2024, we identified a portfolio of 40 projects expected to achieve a reduction of 7,000 mtco e of scopes 1 and 2 emissions, along with a 13,000 mwh decrease in energy consumption. 2 the projects reduced the consumption several types of energy including steam, electricity, and fuels. some examples of these types of projects include production schedule optimization to optimize energy consumption, replacement of obsolete equipment with more efficient machines, and steam consumption optimization. calculations of savings vary depending on project type and may be direct measurements of energy consumption or estimated comparisons of energy use before and after project implementation. the reported total annual savings is the sum of the savings of the individual projects. a a32 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 305-7 nitrogen oxides (nox), sulfur oxides (sox), and other significant air emissions emissions are calculated using methodologies prescribed by regulatory agencies and air permit specifications. inputs to the calculations include site-specific data from direct process measurement and/or emission factors sourced from data published by the u.s. epa (ap-42: compilation of air emissions factors from stationary sources), where site-specific data is not available or limited. in cases where direct measurements and/or published emission factors are unavailable, site emissions are estimated using process knowledge. % change air emissions (mt) 2022 2023 2024 from prior year nitrogen oxides (no ) 565 526 547 4% x sulfur oxides (so ) 7.0 3.0 2.3 -24% x volatile organic compounds (vocs) 997 762 585 -23% particulate matter (pm, total) 14.0 14.0 13.5 -4% gri 306: waste 2020 3-3 management of material topic management processes for waste are a component of dupont’s environmental, health, safety, and security (ehs&s) commitment. this commitment is governed by our environmental, health, and safety (eh&s) management system, which is integral to our operational excellence (opex) framework. our comprehensive approach incorporates internationally recognized standards such as iso 14001 and the american chemistry council's responsible care management system (rcms). dupont integrates waste management into its eh&s framework to ensure implementation of the 4r (reduce, reuse, repurpose, and recycle) waste management program. dupont's 4r program ensures that all sites reporting data through our corporate sustainability software adopt a structured waste management approach focused on reducing, reusing, repurposing, and recycling waste. each site conducts a baseline waste assessment to identify the types and quantities of waste generated, including details like waste description, characterization, volume, and disposal methods. sites in the 4r program establish waste reduction goals within their eh&s management system to guide initiatives and measure success. additionally, each site completes an annual verification of their 4r practices through program attestation, confirming compliance and encouraging continuous improvement. by 2030, dupont aims to fully implement its 4r waste management strategy across all manufacturing sites. as of the end of 2024, 96% of our sites had 4r programs in place, with each site defining minimum expectations for its waste management efforts and establishing site-specific waste reduction goals. our eh&s management system is designed to ensure a consistent and effective approach to waste management across all global operations. in 2024, we made significant progress in advancing iso 14001 certification. by the end of 2024, 78 of our sites had attained iso 14001 certification. we also demonstrated successful conformance with rcms, highlighting the effectiveness of our eh&s management system. continuous stakeholder engagement — including engagement with employees, regulatory bodies, and industry organizations — plays a pivotal role in refining our waste management processes. we actively participate in external bodies such as the american chemistry council (acc). a a33 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices to ensure our waste management practices are effective, we engage in routine evaluations of our eh&s strategy. progress is reported in detail in the delivering world-class environmental, health, and safety performance section starting on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. 306-1 waste generation and significant waste-related impacts as a multi-industrial company, dupont manufactures a variety of specialized products across our electronicsco and industrialsco segments. our industrial product manufacturing processes are the primary source of waste generation. the volume of waste generated by dupont is impacted by production, quality, and product specifications. materials that are categorized as waste include unconsumed or expired raw materials, packaging, spent cleaning materials, and other miscellaneous materials. dupont’s waste management facility selection standard defines our practices related to the handling and disposal of waste and prescribes the requirements for the level of audit needed to authorize external waste management facilities. dupont’s eh&s management system provides the methods to support waste reduction. as of the end of 2024, a total of 96% of dupont sites have implemented 4r waste management programs. we are prioritizing establishing 4r programs at sites based on waste volume, hazard, and reclamation value. dupont products that are used and subsequently disposed of are categorized as downstream waste. our organization has introduced initiatives aimed at recovering materials that have reached their end-of-life stage and preventing them from entering waste streams. recapturing valuable materials at end-of-use is one of the four elements of dupont’s approach to enabling a circular economy, which is described on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. our circular economy approach guides how we address waste, material use efficiency, and design challenges across our innovation platforms and global businesses. it also defines how we incorporate circular economy principles at four different points in the product life cycle, as each stage of the life cycle requires different types and levels of investment and presents both unique and complementary challenges. circular economy strategies will differ for each of our global businesses and innovation platforms depending on their targeted innovation and sustainability challenges. for example, tyvek® personal protective equipment (ppe) is made using a single material — high-density polyethylene (hdpe) — making it easier to recycle than other multi-material fabrics. companies are able to work directly with plastic recyclers and ship used ppe garments directly to them in large batches. a a34 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 306-2 management of significant waste-related impacts management processes for waste are incorporated in dupont’s environmental, health, safety, and security (ehs&s) commitment, operational excellence (opex) framework, and eh&s management system reflecting our core value of protecting the planet. we implement our ehs&s commitment through our eh&s management system, which is a set of environment, health, and safety standards that apply to all employees and contractors globally. our eh&s management system is certified by iso 14001 and the responsible care management system at the corporate level. all of our manufacturing sites initiate site-level opex implementation plans focused on driving value based on business needs. our opex framework helps us protect people and the planet by making our sites safer and more efficient through standardized tools, best-in-class technologies, and robust practices that stabilize workflows, reduce errors, and minimize waste. we collect data on waste generation and disposal in our operations via a specialized corporate sustainability reporting software application. the data is aggregated at the corporate level for disclosure and is visible at the site level to inform decision-making about investments in waste reduction initiatives. by 2030, we aim to have our 4r (reduce, reuse, repurpose, and recycle) waste management and reduction programs implemented at all our manufacturing sites. for each site, we defined minimum expectations for a 4r program, including the requirement for a site-level waste reduction goal. in 2024, 96% of our sites had 4r programs in place. dupont is a member of operation clean sweep® (ocs) blue, a voluntary program jointly administered by the acc and the plastics industry association to prevent plastic loss to marine and freshwater environments. ocs blue requirements are fully integrated into our eh&s management system to ensure accountability and the sharing of best practices with our peers in the acc and the plastics industry association. we provided training on the ocs blue program to our global employees that handle plastic resin materials. as part of the training, employees pledged to avoid the loss of plastic to the environment. as a member company, dupont annually reports the amount of any unrecovered plastic releases greater than 0.5 kilogram (kg) or 0.5 liter (l) per incident. in 2024, we had 0 unrecovered plastic release incidents greater than 0.5 kg or 0.5 l. category[1] 2022 2023 2024 number of unrecovered releases 0 0 0 amount of unrecovered material (kg) 0 0 0 [1] values for prior reporting periods are as reported and not restated for changes as a result of acquisitions and divestitures. a a35 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 306-3 waste generated waste data is reported by dupont sites using a specialized corporate sustainability reporting software application. % change waste generated[1] unit 2022 2023 2024 from prior year hazardous waste generated mt 66,000 66,000 74,000 13% non-hazardous waste generated mt 261,000 248,000 207,000 -17% total waste generated mt 327,000 314,000 281,000 -10% [1] effluent is excluded from total weight of waste generated unless required by state or federal requirements. 306-4 waste diverted from disposal waste diverted from disposal unit 2022 2023 2024 for beneficial use % change from prior year on-site/off-site/total on-site/off-site/total on-site/off-site/total reuse – hazardous mt 0 / 1,000 / 1,000 0 / 1,000 / 1,000 0 /1,000 / 1,000 -1% reuse – non-hazardous mt 0 / 1,000 / 1,000 0 / 1,000 / 1,000 0 / 1,000 / 1,000 -24% recycling/reclamation/recovery – hazardous mt 0 / 17,000 / 17,000 0 / 18,000 / 18,000 0 / 22,000 / 22,000 19% recycling/reclamation/recovery – non-hazardous mt 14,000 / 30,000 / 44,000 11,000 / 29,000 / 40,000 13,000 / 33,000 / 46,000 13% total beneficial use of waste mt 63,000 61,000 69,000 14% a a36 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 306-5 waste directed to disposal hazardous waste directed to disposal unit 2022 2023 2024 % change on-site/off-site/total on-site/off-site/total on-site/off-site/total from prior year incinerated – with energy recovery mt 3,000 / 11,000 / 14,000 1,000 / 9,000 / 10,000 0 / 8,000 / 8,000 -16% incinerated – without energy recovery mt 0 / 9,000 / 9,000 0 / 9,000 / 9,000 0 / 13,000 / 13,000 34% landfilled mt 0 / 11,000 / 11,000 0 / 12,000 / 12,000 0 / 10,000 / 10,000 -18% other disposal mt 0 / 15,000 / 15,000 0 / 16,000 / 16,000 0 / 21,000 / 21,000 36% total hazardous waste disposed mt 48,000 47,000 52,000 11% non-hazardous waste directed to disposal incinerated – with energy recovery mt 3,000 / 9,000 / 12,000 4,000 / 9,000 / 13,000 3,000 / 8,000 / 11,000 -13% incinerated – without energy recovery mt 0 / 4,000 / 4,000 0 / 4,000 / 4,000 0 / 5,000 / 5,000 17% landfilled mt 0 / 36,000 / 36,000 0 / 40,000 / 40,000 0 / 26,000 / 26,000 -34% other disposal mt 147,000 / 17,000 / 163,000 143,000 / 7,000 / 149,000 105,000 / 13,000 / 118,000 -21% total non-hazardous waste disposed mt 216,000 206,000 160,000 -22% a a37 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices gri 308: supplier environmental assessment 2016 3-3 management of material topic reference the responsible procurement narrative on pages 68 – 69 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. 308-1 new suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria we select suppliers based on category and commodity strategies using a robust six-step strategic sourcing process and a five-step stakeholder approval process. the amount of spend, a key criterion to business and function, influences the category and supplier priority level, along with considerations of supply continuity and the outcome of risk assessments. suppliers of raw materials, packaging, or contract manufacturing services (direct suppliers) are also subject to our product/service qualification process, which is performed by the product stewardship and regulatory team in each of our businesses. once selected and onboarded, we evaluate our suppliers based on parameters including, but not limited to, contract value, geopolitical risks, ethics and compliance history, and security practices when deemed necessary. suppliers that meet a certain risk threshold based on these and other parameters are determined to be “critical” suppliers. we evaluate new critical suppliers on matters of product quality management, security, business ethics and transparency, climate change and water security practices, human rights due diligence, and operational excellence. the strategic sourcing process and stakeholder approval processes apply to the selection of all new suppliers; however, we do not aggregate the number of those suppliers that are determined to be “critical” and subject to screening on additional topics, including climate change and water security. 308-2 negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken dupont has several methods of assessing environmental impacts in our supply chain but does not quantitatively aggregate the results for disclosure. we are committed to the responsible sourcing of minerals worldwide. we support the observance of the organization for economic cooperation and development (oecd) due diligence guidance for responsible supply chain of minerals, which promotes respect for human rights by seeking practical solutions to curb the violence associated with trade in conflict minerals.[1] dupont’s long-established conflict minerals compliance program requires and maintains appropriate procedures to evaluate and select suppliers consistent with our core values, human rights policy, and supplier code of conduct. dupont builds upon this framework as a member of the responsible minerals initiative (rmi), one of the most utilized and respected resources for companies addressing responsible mineral sourcing in their supply chains. we expect our suppliers to procure, directly or indirectly, from smelters and refiners certified through rmi’s responsible minerals assurance process. [1] presently, conflict minerals include columbite-tantalite (cotan), cassiterite gold, and wolframite, or their derivatives, including tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold. moreover, in addition to 3tg, dupont’s due diligence procedures include other critical emerging minerals, such as cobalt and mica. we continue to monitor global regulatory developments for these and other minerals and will update our requirements accordingly. a a38 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices gri 401: employment 2016 3-3 management of material topic our approach to employment is described in the our people: cultivating well-being and inclusivity section starting on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. 401-1 new employee hires and turnover in 2024, dupont’s annual voluntary attrition rate was 4.7%. omission: information unavailable. we do not aggregate breakdowns by age or gender or hiring numbers and rates for external disclosure. we will continue to evaluate our capability to report this information. 401-2 benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees dupont offers a comprehensive range of inclusive employee benefits on a global scale, tailored to local market practices and social security plans. our goal is to provide a work-life balance that promotes overall wellness and financial security for our employees and their families. depending on the location, both full-time and part-time employees generally enjoy a range of benefits, including: • retirement savings plans; • health care plans — often including mental health, family building, prescription drugs, dental, and vision; • life and disability insurance; • accident insurance; • wellness programs; • personal development tools; and • paid vacation, holidays, sick time, and leave programs (including global standards for parental leave). a a39 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices gri 403: occupational health and safety 2018 3-3 management of material topic management processes for occupational health and safety are described in the delivering world-class environmental, health, and safety performance section on pages 45 – 47 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. our approach to occupational health and safety is integrated into our environmental, health, safety, and sustainability commitment, our operational excellence (opex) framework, and our environmental, health, and safety (eh&s) management system, reflecting our core value of safety and health. we are committed to protecting the health and safety of our employees, contractors, customers, and the people in the communities where we operate. we leverage our eh&s management system, which provides a framework of standards, policies, and processes to guide our actions to meet our ehs&s goals. our commitment to world-class eh&s practices and sustainable operations is embedded in our company culture, core values, and stakeholder engagement. our employees recognize that employing robust eh&s practices helps protect our employees, communities, and the planet. our opex framework helps us protect people and the planet by making our sites safer and more efficient through standardized tools, best-in-class technologies, and robust practices that stabilize workflows and reduce errors. dupont uses eh&s management system audits to maintain compliance with legal requirements and standards; confirm that our system effectively protects people, the environment, and our facilities; and identify continual improvement opportunities. to ensure a thorough review is completed, site workers and management actively participate in these audits. we use first-, second-, and third-party audits to assess our internal and external communications and review documents, conduct interviews, and analyze processes to confirm our eh&s management system is effective and complies with dupont’s code of conduct and eh&s standards. we schedule audits on a rotating basis using our eh&s risk model. following our corporate policy, each site is required to conduct periodic first-party audits in which the site assesses its key ehs&s practices. our corporate eh&s organization leads the second-party audit process for sites in alignment with business resources. we also subject each site or business to formal third-party audits. the third-party audits, conducted by outside independent parties, review the accuracy of the data from the first- and second-party audits, certify that our eh&s management system operates in conformance with iso 14001 and the responsible care management system (rcms), and assure the integrity of our sustainability data. in 2024, we conducted third-party site audits to assess our eh&s management system’s continued conformance to the rcms, rc 14001, and iso 14001 systems. dupont is committed to the proactive management of emergency response to safeguard the environment and the health and safety of our employees and surrounding communities. our emergency response program encompasses comprehensive assessment, planning, and preparedness activities that adhere to global standards. all dupont facilities worldwide implement standardized procedures for the emergency containment of hazardous materials, medical response, first aid, treatment, and case management. we prioritize the health and safety of individuals and are committed to minimizing any potential environmental impact during crises. our crisis management framework includes dedicated teams trained to respond effectively at various organizational levels — site, business, country, and corporate. this structured approach ensures rapid and effective action during emergencies, reinforcing our commitment to our core values. in line with our principles, we prioritize human health, safety, and environmental respect in our emergency response actions. we systematically identify and manage highly hazardous materials and activate specialized medical emergency response plans as necessary. through these efforts, we aim to enhance the resilience of our operations, engage with stakeholders, and promote transparency in our emergency preparedness initiatives. 403-1 occupational health and safety management system dupont has established an eh&s management system to maintain compliance with legal requirements and stakeholder expectations. the eh&s management system is certified at the corporate level to iso 14001 and rcms. our eh&s management system applies to all employees and contractors globally. a a40 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 403-2 hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation our eh&s event classification, investigation, and reporting standard requires employees to report eh&s incidents and any associated symptoms, injuries, or illnesses, including near misses. we train our employees and orient our contractors on the importance of eh&s incident reporting and instruct them to report incidents through our eh&s management database. our incident investigation procedures begin after an incident is reported and the area is deemed safe. we assemble investigation teams based on the nature of the incident. the investigation team documents the facts of the incident and uses root cause failure analysis (rcfa) and the apollo reality charting methodology to conduct root cause analysis. at the completion of the investigation, the team issues recommendations for corrective and/or preventative actions in an incident report. dupont shares the key learnings from incident reports across the company to raise awareness and prevent future incidents. we track the completion of corrective and/or preventative actions through our integrated eh&s management database, which also facilitates incident trend analysis. in addition to the incident investigation, there may be other actions that require the attention of our eh&s and health services (hs) team, including ongoing medical treatment, case management support, and return-to-work guidance. reporting and recording occupational injuries and illnesses to governmental agencies and/or compensation programs is also conducted as required by local law and dupont standards. in april 2022, we introduced the terminology “life event” to our current corporate eh&s event classification, investigation, and reporting standard. life events are eh&s events that have an outcome or potential outcome that results in life-changing or life-altering consequences, which is consistent with the international standard “astm e2920 standard guide for recording occupational injuries and illnesses” section 6.1.1 section for level one severity injuries/ illnesses. the designation is based on injury severity and applies to both actual and potential injury severity. “life” personalizes our serious injury and fatality (sif) terminology and ties to our life saving behaviors. we classify process safety events according to american petroleum institute (api) recommended practice 754. process safety event classification is based on the amount of hazardous material released, the direct cost impacts (i.e., the cost to repair any damage from a fire or explosion), and other severity factors such as injuries or off-site impacts. by applying standard practices and tools, conducting monthly metrics tracking and follow-up, and leveraging support where appropriate, manufacturing sites improve their management of equipment critical to process safety. internally, our eh&s team procedures require corporate and eh&s teams to review reported events on a weekly basis and the total recordable incident rate (trir) and days away from work case (dawc) rate by business and for the entire company monthly. the monthly trir and dawc reports are shared with dupont senior leaders, including business presidents and the entire c-suite. quarterly reports summarizing performance are reviewed with the board of directors and are shared with all employees during quarterly global town hall meetings. 403-3 occupational health services protecting worker health dupont health services (hs) staff and/or on-site workers’ compensation coordinators facilitate access to medical care for occupational injuries or illnesses at all sites. hs coordinates critical incident support and provides training for emergency medical response at many sites, especially at sites with a higher risk of being affected by natural disasters. we have on-site medical clinics at 26 sites worldwide where hs staff provide occupational care, render first aid, and provide referrals for non-occupational illness and injury. additionally, hs staff offers remote support for sites without an on-site clinic. hs also engages with employees on health and safety topics on a regular basis. regional and site hs teams use a variety of communication media to share information with dupont employees about health, workplace safety, and mental and emotional well-being. hs maintains an intranet site to communicate services and creates new, digestible, and relevant content that is posted to the hs home page at least monthly. hs also regularly communicates with employees about benefits and health topics via email, bulletin boards, and large display screens at sites. a a41 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices each year, hs coordinates health risk assessments to determine leading health concerns for our employee population, including occupational hygiene assessments, medical screenings, biological monitoring, ergonomics programs, and hazard communication. based on the known occupational risks and regulatory compliance, hs executes an annual medical surveillance exam. many of our sites have an annual flu vaccine program and other services, such as programs to address diminished capacity and fatigue management. dupont hs also provides travel medical screenings and consultations for employees needing to travel internationally. hs reviews potential infectious diseases affecting the travel destination, such as covid-19, yellow fever, malaria, etc., as well as other travel-related health risks. hs addresses any identified gaps in health requirements, including vaccinations, health status, and disease exposure, through appropriate referrals for vaccinations and other services. hs works with a third party to provide medical assistance, referral, and care coordination for dupont employees who may require medical care while actively engaged in business travel. exposure assessment and management to protect the health of our workforce, we maintain workplace exposures at a safe level. each of our sites has an occupational hygiene (oh), sometimes known as “industrial hygiene,” resource who is knowledgeable about the exposure assessment process and is trained to the level appropriate for the complexity of the work at the site. this individual executes and oversees the strategy for qualitative exposure assessments, which includes establishing similar exposure groups, documenting assessment reports, conducting quantitative sampling as appropriate, and managing the oh program management database. the oh resources identify the tasks performed by exposure groups and develop exposure profiles for each group, updating the profile when: • changes occur in processes, facilities, or tasks; • exposure controls are modified, including changes in engineering controls or personal protective equipment; • an agent hazard profile is updated; • changes in an agent’s acceptable exposure limit (the internal dupont occupational exposure limit), a published occupational exposure limit (oel), or the applicable regulatory oel; or • quantitative data (e.g., personal monitoring results) have been collected. dupont reviews exposure assessments periodically and updates them as appropriate to verify that no subtle changes have occurred between reviews that would change the conclusion of the assessment. when updating exposure assessments, oh resources consider new hazard information to determine if the previously acceptable exposure is still acceptable. if the exposure is no longer acceptable, temporary controls are instituted until permanent controls can be implemented to minimize the potential for exposure. the oh resource also oversees quantitative sampling when the qualitative assessment indicates that the oel may be exceeded or when required by regulations or other exposure assessment considerations. reasons for exposure monitoring include the following: • protecting worker health; • measuring the extent of exposure to determine if controls need to be improved to reduce concentrations below oels; • confirming that exposures continually remain under oels; • measuring the extent of exposure to determine if installed controls have reduced the concentration below oels; • complying with regulations that stipulate monitoring and documenting employee exposures for legal purposes; • investigating complaints or worker symptoms; and • developing and maintaining a database of employee exposures for documentation and epidemiological studies. a a42 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices each year, a sampling plan is developed, and progress against it is tracked. oh resources report the results of exposure assessments, monitor data for line management, and track the data to identify trends that may apply to other work groups, sites, or businesses. workers in similar exposure groups being monitored are notified of results in a way that meets local regulatory requirements. site safety plans are required to have an oh review, which includes an approval procedure for the purchase of chemicals that are new to the site to recognize and control any new hazards. new chemical usage proposals (e.g., existing chemicals being used in a larger volume, in a different application, or a new plant area) are also reviewed and approved by oh resources so that hazards are recognized and controlled. we require contractors to notify dupont before hazardous materials (e.g., radiation sources and chemicals) are brought on-site or when performing any activity that may generate hazards that have not been identified in the work-permitting process. changes in suppliers, types, or models of personal protective equipment used to protect against health hazards (e.g., respirators, breathing air, or chemical protective clothing) must also be reviewed and approved by site oh resources. we use the cority industrial hygiene management system at all our sites to facilitate timely data analysis and maintenance of oh records. we develop real-time dashboard indicators to quickly assess the status of work activities and other information in the database. occupational exposure assessments are reviewed in first-party and second-party eh&s audits to confirm compliance with the site, business, and corporate standards and regulations. 403-4 worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety a safe work environment is built on strong communication. internally, our communication platforms for worker health and safety information include intranet sites, email, websites, digital signage, posters, computer-based trainings, and team meetings. our dupont eh&s management system policy requires each site to lead eh&s meetings at least once per quarter; however, many of our sites hold monthly meetings to provide eh&s training and updates. employee attendance at the site-led meetings is mandatory and is tracked at the local level. sites use these meetings, as well as other systems such as our site safety suggestion programs, to collect suggestions from workers on how to improve facility safety and site eh&s procedure effectiveness. each site also manages external communications for significant health and safety incidents or emergencies with local communities. to inform communities of eh&s updates, our sites generally participate in or host advisory panels or post on a website or social media depending on the site’s needs. annually, we communicate the results of our eh&s management system audits to our workers and inform them of any decisions or actions related to possible management system updates. additionally, all sites have documented eh&s management review meetings at least monthly. a a43 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 403-5 worker training on occupational health and safety our eh&s management system addresses eh&s training requirements, which are key to ensuring our employees understand and comply with our safety standards. we provide all employees with annual training on corporate and business policies, standards, and safe work practices for the occupational hazards to which they may be exposed. furthermore, employees must have all certifications and licensing required by applicable government regulations (e.g., asbestos, lead, emergency response, hazardous waste, and radiation). we require each of our employees and contractors to complete eh&s training and comply with applicable dupont eh&s guidelines, policies, and standards. dupont utilizes the expertise of external training providers and the company’s own functional experts to offer a wide range of courses on occupational health and safety topics. training is delivered through interactive webinars, self-paced virtual courses, and face-to-face classes. as required by our corporate standards and applicable regulations, we conduct and document both initial training for new hires and recurring eh&s trainings. in 2023, to enhance our eh&s training process, we introduced a new eh&s learning and development council and steering team. the team is responsible for: • creating a training matrix that consolidates requirements for all eh&s standards; • enhancing our internal website for improved visibility of required training by job role; • implementing an interactive dashboard to track updates to training modules; • streamlining the eh&s onboarding module for all employees; and • implementing eh&s training for the operational excellence framework. 403-6 promotion of worker health as employees' needs and usage patterns of health services change, dupont recognizes the importance of providing competitive health and medical benefits as part of a comprehensive compensation package. our employee health insurance covers a wide range of medical services, including emergency care, prescription medications, dental health, and maternity healthcare. in addition to health insurance, dupont offers an employee assistance program (eap) to support employees and their families when coping with work and life challenges. our wellness platform, personify health, encourages healthy lifestyles by engaging employees in personal and rewarding ways throughout their health and well-being journeys. we promote healthy living and positive thinking through diverse health promotion activities designed to enhance employee health awareness, promote good lifestyle behaviors, increase mental energy, and better respond to workplace, social, and family challenges and needs. a a44 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices in 2024, we offered a variety of mental well-being workshops and seminars on critical topics such as family and relationships, parenting, elder adult care, personal development, resilience, communication skills, management support, and behina v20io2r4a, wl eh oefafelrtehd aa nvadr iwetye ollfn meesnst.a wl weel la-blesion gp wroormksohotepsd a nmd useltmipinlaer sw one lclrniteicsasl t ocpaimcs psuacihg anss f aamnildy ahneda rletlhat itoinpssh itpos, peadreunctaintge, eeldmerp aldouylte cearse ,o pne rnsountarl idtieovnel,o splmeeenpt,, rsemsilioenkcine, gco cmemssuanitciaotnio,n s sukibllss,t manancaeg eambeunste su, peprogrot, nomics, and physical activity. and behavioral health and wellness. we also promoted multiple wellness campaigns and health tips to educate employees on nutrition, sleep, smoking cessation, substance abuse, ergonomics, and physical activity. a a a45 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 403-7 prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships the prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships are addressed in two areas: our suppliers — managed primarily through the dupont supplier code of conduct. the dupont supplier code of conduct sets expectations for suppliers doing business with us. the code is organized according to our core values and references the ten principles of the united nations global compact initiative, the united nations guiding principles on business and human rights, the international labour organization, the declaration on fundamental principles and rights at work, and the global chemical industry’s responsible care® program. it details expectations and requirements on matters of the environment, labor, human rights, and impacts on society. we include the supplier code of conduct in our terms and conditions for all supplier purchase orders. this is in addition to existing contract language and other mechanisms in place to make sure our suppliers adhere to our human rights policy and all applicable laws and regulations. our customers and others in the value chain who handle our products — managed primarily through our product stewardship and regulatory (ps&r) management system. dupont’s ps&r management system is at the core of our commitment to product safety and risk management. built on the framework of the american chemistry council responsible care® product safety code and international council of chemical associations principles, this system plays a critical role in our product and application development processes. every dupont business uses the ps&r management system to assess and manage potential risks and identify improvement opportunities. the adequacy and effectiveness of the ps&r management system is reviewed annually with the goal of improving performance throughout the organization. central to the ps&r management system are product stewardship (ps) reviews. all new and existing products, applications, and services undergo product stewardship reviews, which include detailed health, safety, and environmental impact assessments. ps reviews evaluate risks during transportation and during customer use based on a detailed assessment of the chemical, physical, and biological impacts of substances. risk assessment includes evaluation of toxicology data, environmental fate, and worker and customer exposure, as well as non-human and environmental impacts. broadly inclusive, ps reviews focus on the full product life cycle from product design and manufacture to customer use, safe handling, and disposal. 403-8 workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system 100% of dupont employees at the company and its subsidiaries globally are covered by our eh&s management system policy, which provides the framework for global eh&s governance and guides the implementation of our environmental, health, safety, and security commitment. a a46 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 403-9 work-related injuries % change 2022 2023 2024[1] from prior year safety performance employees + employees + employees + employees + employees contractors employees contractors employees contractors contractors contractors contractors contractors dawc cases[2] 6 1 7 6 2 8 9 1 10 25% dawc rate[3] 0.02 0.01 0.02 0.02 0.03 0.02 0.04 0.02 0.03 33% trc[4] 42 15 57 38 12 50 29 13 42 -16% trir[5] 0.16 0.22 0.17 0.15 0.18 0.16 0.12 0.22 0.14 -12% fatalities 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 exposure hours 52,930,000 13,765,000 66,695,000 51,303,000 13,010,000 64,314,000 48,641,000 11,766,000 60,407,000 [1] 2024 data does not include spectrum plastics group, donatelle plastics, and c3nano, consistent with disclosure gri 2-2 entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting. [2] a days away from work case (dawc) is a work-related case where an employee is unable to work due to a work-related injury or illness. [3] please note that the percentage change in the dawc rate from the previous year is calculated using the full figures. the dawc rate values displayed are rounded to two decimal places for reporting purposes. [4] total recordable cases (trc) includes days away from work cases, restricted workday cases, and medical treatment cases. [5] total recordable incident rate (trir) = (number of recordable cases x 200,000/number of exposure hours) in a given time period. the top three types of injury reported are line of fire events; slips, trips, and falls; and ergonomic over-exertion. work-related hazards and the processes for identifying hazards and risk assessment are described in gri 403-2 on page a40. 403-10 work-related ill health reference disclosure 403-9 above. we do not separate reporting of work-related injuries from ill health. both are included in the data in the table above. omission: information unavailable. dupont does not disaggregate injury and illness data. a a47 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices gri 404: training and education 2016 3-3 management of material topic our management approach for training of employees is described in the our people: cultivating well-being and inclusivity section starting on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. 404-1 average hours of training per year per employee in 2024, dupont employees completed an average of 23 hours of compliance and job-specific training. this does not include additional voluntary, skills-based, and personal development training that is self-directed or led by our employee resource groups (ergs) and functional learning teams that provide professional and career development programming throughout the year. omission: information unavailable. we do not collect training data by gender or employee category. 404-2 programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs we equip employees with guidance and templates to drive their development and careers through a custom blend of experience, exposure, and education. dupont partners with some of the leading learning organizations in the world to provide continuous and on-demand professional and functional learning content for our global workforce. employees also participate in ongoing development through mentorship, career development workshops, in-house leadership development programs, and skill-specific learning cohorts. as an opportunity to learn through feedback from others, we offer 360 assessments for individual contributors and leaders. we also offer tuition assistance to assist employees through the completion of an undergraduate or postgraduate degree program that builds competencies for their current role or desired future opportunities. as learning needs emerge, we curate custom programs for targeted talent pools in the organization. for instance, in 2024 we offered a two-day summit for 100 leaders in the asia pacific region to increase their connection as a community of peers and to build capability in targeted skill areas such as global mindset and stakeholder management. internal mobility and the opportunity to continuously reinvent ourselves are significant reasons many employees choose to stay at dupont. we utilize a global job leveling framework to organize jobs, help determine equitable pay, and enable career development across the company. the job levels defined by the framework offer a logical and meaningful progression to allow our employees to grow their skills and experience. updated pay ranges and incentive targets ensure that we remain competitive in the market. to encourage all employees at all levels to explore new opportunities, networks, and career paths, dupont offers a career pathways site that enables our employees to: • learn about roles within and outside their job family to see which ones might interest them, complement their strengths, and offer them a chance to try something new; • browse the actual career paths of employees to see how they shaped their careers through a series of experiences and skill development; and • use professional development tools, including a template to define their personal brand and a discussion guide to help them network with employees who have experience in their areas of interest. in the case of termination of employment, dupont offers former employees transition benefits that include financial, medical and dental, placement services, and retirement savings plan webinar availability. a a48 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 404-3 percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews through the performance partnership process, managers provide clarity, direction, and support to their employees so that all team members can succeed as individuals while contributing to our strategic goals. in 2024, 79% of employees reported having discussed career goals and aspirations with their manager, consistent with the prior year. in our performance partnership process, we have replaced performance ratings with a focus on continuous communication and two-way feedback. regular manager/employee conversations can focus on a specific topic (such as personal or professional development, goals, projects, or tasks), or they can be a check-in on the employee’s overall progress, plans, and needs. having an ongoing performance and development dialogue throughout the year nurtures an environment of transparency and trust, allowing for sharing constructive feedback, recognizing and celebrating achievements, identifying necessary support, and effectively planning the next steps for growth. omission: information unavailable. we do not measure completion of career reviews by gender or employee category. gri 405: diversity and equal opportunity 2016 3-3 management of material topic our 2030 people goal includes becoming one of the world's most inclusive companies where employees report high levels of well-being and fulfillment. this goal is interconnected as we recognize that fostering employee well-being and fulfillment enhances the retention and attraction of our global talent pool. for a company like ours that is centered around innovation, cultivating a workforce with varied perspectives, backgrounds, and experiences is key to fueling creative thinking required to adapt and grow in a rapidly changing business environment. we recognize that investing in the health and well-being of our employees is critical for engaging and retaining that diversified workforce to propel the long-term success of our business. our management processes are designed to ensure equitable treatment and opportunities for all and this has resulted in positive engagement scores on our employee survey and high retention rates relative to industry peers. because our global workforce is comprised of individuals from diverse backgrounds, each with unique needs, growth aspirations, and expectations, we train managers at all levels to cultivate supportive relationships with each individual employee through a purposeful and continuous dialogue regarding expectations and values relative to their work experience. when managers understand these expectations, they can better adjust work conditions to optimize employee well-being and fulfillment at an individual level. this commitment to understanding individual needs and fostering open communication ensures that every employee receives equitable treatment and equal opportunities for advancement, regardless of their background. as we acknowledge these differences, it becomes imperative to provide tailored support that respects and values each person's perspective. dupont’s long-standing commitment to our core value of respect for people includes every employee, contractor, customer, and associate of the company being able to work to their full potential in an environment where they feel free to bring their full selves and skills to work each day. we continue to refresh and evolve our programs, policies, required training, and benefits to reinforce our commitment to respect, maximize employee well-being, and meet the evolving expectations of our employees, customers, and other partners. our approach to employee experience and equal opportunity is described further in the our people: cultivating well-being and inclusivity section starting on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. a a49 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices 405-1 diversity of governance bodies and employees diversity of nominees for dupont’s board of directors as presented on pages 17 – 18 of in the 2025 proxy statement. % of board members by gender % of board members by age group % of board members by race/ethnicity/underrepresented groups[1] 2022 2023 2024 2022 2023 2024 2022 2023 2024 female 33% 33% 33% under 30 0% 0% 0% african american or black 8% 8% 8% male 67% 67% 67% 30 – 50 0% 0% 0% asian 8% 8% 8% over 50 100% 100% 100% white 83% 83% 83% lgbtq+ 8% 8% 8% [1] column totals are >100% because individual board members may be counted in multiple race/ethnicity/underrepresented groups. diversity of dupont’s employees is reported on december 31 of each year. values for prior reporting periods are not restated for change in scope of the organization through divestitures and acquisitions. refer to the reporting scope table on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report for details on the inclusion of recent acquisitions and divestitures in these values. % of employees per employee category by gender[1] 2022 2023 2024 female male female male female male non-exempt 23% 76% 23% 77% 23% 77% individual contributor 44% 56% 44% 55% 44% 55% supervisor 32% 68% 33% 67% 33% 67% manager 27% 72% 29% 71% 30% 70% senior leader 27% 73% 28% 72% 28% 72% [1] in instances where the total is not 100%, it is because gender was not disclosed. we respect that gender is not binary; however, as a federal contractor, our data aligns with u.s. government reporting requirements and uses the gender categories of male and female. employees who have not disclosed are not included. a a50 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices % of employees per age group by gender[1] 2022 2023 2024 female male female male female male under 30 37% 63% 37% 63% 37% 63% 30 – 50 33% 67% 33% 67% 33% 67% over 50 26% 73% 28% 72% 27% 73% [1] total for all age groups for each year may not be 100% because of rounding of individual values. 2024 % of employees per native hawaiian american indian black or african two or more employee category by race asian hispanic or latino or other pacific not disclosed white or alaska native american races and ethnicity[1] islander non-exempt (u.s. population) 1% 4% 27% 6% <1% 1% 2% 61% individual contributor (u.s. <1% 8% 11% 6% <1% 1% 3% 71% population) supervisor (u.s. population) <1% 15% 6% 5% <1% 1% 2% 72% manager (u.s. population) <1% 14% 5% 6% <1% 1% 1% 74% senior leader (global 1% 18% 8% 4% <1% 1% 1% 68% population)[2] [1] total for all categories for each year may not be 100% because of rounding of individual values. [2] senior leader category reflects the global population of top company leadership. 405-2 ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men dupont enables best practices in hiring, rewards, development, and advancement to encourage and support equal opportunity and fair pay across the organization. each year, we review our global raw pay gap — the difference between the median pay of various employee groups — which highlights where we can focus to ensure equal opportunity. in addition, dupont’s global job leveling framework provides managers with a consistent global approach to set pay levels according to objective factors, including job responsibilities; required skills, education, and experience; and external market data. we also work with external advisors using leading industry standards to evaluate pay fairness across our global population. omission: information unavailable. our disclosure is a raw pay gap for our global employee population. we do not calculate breakdowns by employee category or locations. a a51 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices gri 414: supplier social assessment 2016 3-3 management of material topic discussion of management processes for supplier social assessment is described in the responsible procurement narrative on pages 68 – 69 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. 414-1 new suppliers that were screened using social criteria dupont selects suppliers based on category and commodity strategies using a robust six-step strategic sourcing process and a five-step stakeholder approval process. the amount of spend, a key criterion to business and function, influences the category and supplier priority level, along with considerations of supply continuity and the outcome of risk assessments. suppliers of raw materials, packaging, or contract manufacturing services (direct suppliers) are also subject to our product/service qualification process, which is performed by dupont’s product stewardship and regulatory team in each of our businesses. once selected and onboarded, we evaluate our suppliers based on parameters including, but not limited to, contract value, geopolitical risks, ethics and compliance history, and security practices. suppliers that meet a certain risk threshold based on these and other parameters are determined to be “critical” suppliers. we evaluate new critical suppliers on matters of product quality management, security, business ethics and transparency, climate change and water security practices, human rights due diligence, and operational excellence. omission: confidentiality constraints. we do not disclose the percentage of suppliers determined to be “critical” and subject to evaluations on topics including human rights due diligence. gri 416: customer health and safety 2016 3-3 management of material topic management processes for customer health and safety are described in the innovating safe and sustainable by design section starting on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. our product stewardship commitment ensures that the products we bring to the market are safe for use across their life cycle and contribute to a sustainable environment. our rigorous and comprehensive product stewardship and regulatory (ps&r) management system is at the core of our management process and commitment to product safety and risk management. built on the framework of the american chemistry council responsible care® product safety code and international council of chemical associations principles, this system plays a critical role in our product and application development processes. dupont uses the ps&r management system to assess and manage potential risks and identify improvement opportunities. the adequacy and effectiveness of the ps&r management system is reviewed annually to ensure continuous performance improvement throughout the organization. central to the ps&r management system are product stewardship (ps) reviews. as part of our ps reviews, a cross-functional team of business, science/technology, and regulatory subject matter experts use the protocols established in our ps&r management system to assess and address the impact of any new, or modified, product or process. all new and existing products, applications, and services undergo ps reviews, which include detailed health, safety, and environmental impact assessments. detailed ps reviews are then conducted on a set cadence for products that have not undergone any modifications. reviews are tailored to encompass product use and potential application areas. ps reviews evaluate risks during transportation and during customer use based on a detailed assessment of the chemical, physical, and biological impacts of substances. risk assessment includes evaluation of toxicology data, environmental fate, and worker and customer exposure, as well as non-human and environmental impacts. broadly inclusive, ps reviews focus on the full product life cycle from product design and manufacture to customer use, safe a a52 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices handling, and disposal. as a result, we decide whether to continue developing or modifying a product, application, service, or process. if the findings from a ps review identify a negative impact, the affected product or process is either redesigned or discontinued. our responsibility is to ensure our products are safe and sustainable by design. as a principle, we seek to avoid, eliminate, or minimize substances of concern (soc) where safer or more sustainable alternatives exist. we critically evaluate our operations, value chains, and raw materials to ensure continued improvement in the safety, sustainability, and societal benefits of our products. we detail our strategies for managing substances of concern and substances of very high concern in the innovating safe and sustainable by design section starting on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. our focus is on building transparent relationships with our suppliers and customers and integrating safe and sustainable by design principles to deliver value, support transparency, and drive competitiveness. we employ science- based methods to assess and mitigate risks early in product design, adapting to new scientific findings. our kingston technology center applies green chemistry principles to reduce hazardous substances and minimize waste. we evaluate risk vs. societal benefit throughout our products' life cycles, from raw materials to disposal. to manage soc, we maintain a soc list, conduct assessments, and implement mitigation plans. customer engagement surveys reveal that customers prioritize safe, sustainable chemistry, guiding our alignment of products with their expectations. we collaborate with suppliers to ensure transparency regarding soc and explore opportunities for reduction. we also incorporate soc considerations into our design for circularity and drive continuous improvement through a portfolio sustainability assessment to inform new product designs and phase-out strategies for existing products. lastly, we utilize multigenerational product plans to reduce or eliminate soc, including per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (pfas). 416-1 assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories 100% of dupont product categories are subject to our ps&r management system, which requires all new and existing products, applications, and services to undergo ps reviews that include detailed health, safety, and environmental impact assessments. we conduct ps reviews to assess and manage risk prior to commercialization and conduct additional reviews at a frequency commensurate with overall product risk. businesses are also required to conduct ps reviews when significant product changes occur, such as new product use or application areas, manufacturing asset changes, regulatory changes, or other new product information. additionally, during these ps reviews, there is a focused risk assessment specifically designed to evaluate risks of substances of concern (soc) used, present as intentionally added ingredients, and present as impurities in our products. in addition to assessing human health and environmental risks related to the regulatory landscape, we also assess risks related to product deselection and consider potential safe and more sustainable alternatives for socs. our global commitment to ps&r principles drives timely and extensive reviews, with prompt and diligent follow-up to any findings. training for all ps&r personnel globally and mandatory adherence to ps&r management system standards ensures detailed stewardship assessments of new products, markets, or applications prior to commercialization, modifications to products or processes prior to implementation, and periodic reviews of all product lines. more than 1,100 ps reviews were completed during calendar year 2024. 416-2 incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services in 2024, we identified and resolved two non-compliance incidents associated with product health, safety, or transparency regulations. both incidents were identified as part of proactive dupont product stewardship review actions. these reviews uncovered the non-compliance status of two products associated with acquired businesses. no fines, penalties, or warnings were issued, and dupont took immediate action to resolve the incidents of non-compliance. a a53 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices gri 417: marketing and labeling 2016 3-3 management of material topic requirements for product marketing and labeling are described in dupont’s product stewardship and regulatory (ps&r) management system. those requirements are described in gri 417-1 below. 417-1 requirements for product and service information and labeling dupont’s ps&r management system ensures compliance with global and local safety data sheet (sds) and labeling information requirements. sds and label compliance management are critical components of product safety. 100% of dupont products that are not articles have an sds that provides essential information on content, including chemical and physical characteristics and toxicology, as well as safe handling, use, and disposal information, including spill and emergency response measures with appropriate contact numbers. we regularly review, update, and audit dupont sdss and product labels to confirm compliance with relevant global and local regulatory requirements. 100% of dupont products are reviewed for sds and label compliance, with sdss generated in applicable languages for customer use. sdss are updated and re-issued given any change to the product or related sds information, as well as any relevant regulatory change. furthermore, all sdss are reviewed at a set frequency to ensure up-to-date sdss are in use. a a54 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices sasb content index sustainability disclosure topics and accounting metrics greenhouse gas emissions rt-ch-110a.1 gross global scope 1 emissions, percentage covered under emissions-limiting regulations gri 305-1 direct (scope 1) ghg emissions, p. a28. rt-ch-110a.2 discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance against those targets acting on climate, p. 21 – 29 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. air quality rt-ch-120a.1 air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) no (excluding n o), (2) so , (3) volatile organic compounds (vocs), and (4) hazardous air pollutants (haps) x 2 x gri 305-7 nitrogen oxides (no ), sulfur oxides (so ), and other significant air emissions, p. a32. x x energy management rt-ch-130a.1 (1) total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity, (3) percentage renewable, (4) total self-generated energy gri 302-1 energy consumption within the organization, p. a20 – a21. water management rt-ch-140a.1 (1) total water withdrawn, (2) total water consumed; percentage of each in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress gri 303-3 water withdrawal, p. a25. gri 303-5 water consumption, p. a27. a a55 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices rt-ch-140a.2 number of incidents of non-compliance associated with water quality permits, standards, and regulations gri 2-27 compliance with laws and regulations, p. a13. rt-ch-140a.3 description of water management risks and discussion of strategies and practices to mitigate those risks water stewardship in our operations and local watersheds, p. 32 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. hazardous waste management rt-ch-150a.1 (1) amount of hazardous waste generated, (2) percentage recycled gri 306-3 waste generated, p. a35. gri 306-4 waste diverted from disposal, p. a35. community relations rt-ch-210a.1 discussion of engagement processes to manage risks and opportunities associated with community interests our communities: building thriving communities, p. 57 – 60 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. workforce health & safety rt-ch-320a.1 (1) total recordable incident rate (trir) and (2) fatality rate for (a) direct employees and (b) contract employees gri 403-9 work-related injuries, p. a46. gri 403-10 work-related ill health, p. a46. rt-ch-320a.2 description of efforts to assess, monitor, and reduce exposure of employees and contract workers to long-term (chronic) health risks gri 403 occupational health and safety 2018, disclosures 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4, 403-5, 403-6, 403-7, and 403-8, p. a39 – a46. product design for use-phase efficiency rt-ch-410a.1 revenue from products designed for use-phase resource efficiency not disclosed. metric omitted due to lack of available aggregate revenue figure. a a56 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices safety & environmental stewardship of chemicals rt-ch-410b.1 (1) percentage of products that contain globally harmonized system of classification and labeling of chemicals (ghs) category 1 and 2 health and environmental hazardous substances, (2) percentage of such products that have undergone a hazard assessment not disclosed. 100% of dupont products have undergone product stewardship reviews as required by our product stewardship and regulatory management system described on of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. rt-ch-410b.2 discussion of strategy to (1) manage chemicals of concern and (2) develop alternatives with reduced human and/or environmental impact innovating safe and sustainable by design, p. 40 – 44 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. genetically modified organisms rt-ch-410c.1 percentage of products by revenue that contain genetically modified organisms (gmos) not disclosed. metric omitted due to lack of applicability. management of the legal & regulatory environment rt-ch-530a.1 discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/or policy proposals that address environmental and social factors affecting the industry gri 2-29 approach to stakeholder engagement, p. a14 – a15. gri 2-23 policy commitments, p. a11. gri 2-24 embedding policy commitment, p. a11 – a12. operational safety, emergency preparedness, & response rt-ch-540a.1 process safety incidents count (psic), process safety total incident rate (pstir), and process safety incident severity rate (psisr) environmental, health, and safety (eh&s) incident reporting and performance, p. 47 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. rt-ch-540a.2 number of transport incidents in 2024, dupont had zero transportation incidents. a a57 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices activity metrics rt-ch-000.a production by reportable segment gri 302-3 energy intensity, p. a22. production is reported at a corporate aggregate level and measures overall production from manufacturing facilities of both final products and intermediate products that may be transferred to another manufacturing site for final processing. we do not report production by segment. a a58 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices tcfd disclosure index governance — disclose the company’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities board oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities the board of directors is responsible for overseeing the company’s strategic direction, including the integration of sustainability factors such as environmental, social, and governance risks and opportunities into the company’s strategy. each of dupont’s four board committees has formal oversight of specific environmental, social, and governance-related risks and opportunities. discussion of sustainability topics and factors occurred at each of the five scheduled environment, health, safety and sustainability (ehs&s) committee meetings and as needed at meetings of the full board. climate-related risks and opportunities are part of the responsibility of the ehs&s committee of the board. the responsibilities of the ehs&s committee in its role of assisting the board of directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities include: • assessing the effectiveness of and advising the board on the company’s ehs&s policies and programs and matters impacting the company’s public reputation and the company’s core value of safety and health. • overseeing environment, health, and safety performance and regulatory compliance, including the company’s safety programs, processes for risk identification and mitigation, and the processes and systems used to ensure compliance. • overseeing and advising the board on the company’s sustainability strategy, including the company’s sustainability goals and actions, public policy management, advocacy priorities, community impact contributions, climate action, corporate reputation management, and other emerging issues. • reviewing the company’s sustainability report, sustainability policy positions, strategy regarding political engagement, and corporate social responsibility initiatives. the ehs&s committee of the board of directors receives reports from the chief technology and sustainability officer and/or the chief operations and engineering officer on climate-related matters bi-annually, or on a more frequent basis as necessary. management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities senior leadership responsibility for our sustainability strategy, including our climate strategy, ultimately resides with the chief technology and sustainability officer (ctso), who reports directly to the ceo. the ctso focuses on the link between sustainability and innovation in our operating model and chairs the sustainability executive oversight committee, a subset of dupont’s senior leadership team. members of the sustainability executive oversight committee represent corporate governance, finance, operations, human resources, innovation, and business leadership. the sustainability executive oversight committee reviews and approves sustainability initiatives and policies and oversees the work of the sustainability leadership council (slc). the ctso reports directly to the ceo and, together with dupont’s chief operations and engineering officer, routinely engages with the dupont board of directors and its ehs&s committee on sustainability matters. a a59 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices the slc oversees the implementation of our sustainability and climate strategies. the slc is chaired by the vice president of sustainability, who reports to the ctso. slc members include a dedicated leader for each of our 2030 sustainability goals, representatives from each of our businesses, functional and regional leaders, and our enterprise sustainability staff. the goal leaders coordinate across the company to drive actions that enable sustainability and business success in their respective areas of expertise. members of the council are selected to ensure sustainability is deeply embedded in our business strategy and tightly aligned with our company purpose and actions. each dupont business also has a dedicated business sustainability leader (bsl) responsible for overseeing business and product-level sustainability efforts. the slc includes an enterprise-level climate strategist who leads the implementation of our climate strategy to drive progress toward our acting on climate 2030 goals, including the development of roadmaps to meet our climate targets, the engagement of our global businesses on emissions reductions in our operations, and the implementation of market-focused climate strategies. dupont’s ctso and chief operations and engineering officer together are responsible for performance against our climate goals and communicate with the ceo and the board of directors on climate-related matters. strategy — disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the company’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material climate-related risks and opportunities the company has identified over the short, medium, and long term we define short term as 0 – 5 years, medium term as 5 – 10 years, and long term as 10 – 30 years. acute physical risk — frequency and severity of extreme weather events expected in the medium term the extreme weather-related physical risks to dupont sites and supply chains (for example, suppliers located along or shipping passing through the u.s. gulf coast) are described in our 2024 annual report on form 10-k: “climate change increases the frequency and severity of potential supply chain and operational disruptions from weather events and natural disasters. the chronic physical impacts associated with climate change, for example, increased temperatures, changes in weather patterns and rising sea levels, could significantly increase costs and expenses and create additional supply chain and operational disruption risks… supply chain disruptions, plant and/or power outages, labor shortages and/or strikes, geopolitical activity, weather events and natural disasters, including hurricanes or flooding that impact coastal regions, and global health risks or pandemics could seriously harm the company’s operations as well as the operations of the company’s customers and suppliers.” physical risks could manifest as any of several types of severe weather events including hurricanes, floods, and others. our operations exposed to acute physical risks include our operations in the u.s. gulf coast region, for example, at our operations site at pontchartrain, louisiana. an example of the impact of a severe weather event is hurricane ida in august 2021, which impacted our operations site at pontchartrain, louisiana. this event resulted in a facility shutdown. the total impact on the company was approximately $4,000,000 from costs to repair storm-damaged equipment, utilities, and property, as well as costs associated with approximately three weeks of lost production. product opportunities — access to new and emerging markets and development of low-emission goods and services market opportunities driven by climate change are described in dupont's 2024 annual report on form 10-k: "demand for product offerings that are less carbon-intensive or customers determine support their respective sustainability goals... is expected to continue to increase, driven by end-user and customer demand, investor preference, and government legislative and market- and product-specific actions in response to risks created by climate change." a a60 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices as a premier multi-industrial company with a diverse portfolio of products and downstream markets, dupont is well positioned to realize the opportunity in the development and expansion of low-emission products in several ways. in 2024, we continued to leverage strategic customer insights to refine our market and business-level sustainable innovation growth strategies across our global value chains. these engagements establish a direct link between our innovation platforms and the sustainability priorities of our customers, and climate change is highlighted as a top sustainability priority. we work directly with our customers to meet their expectations for low-carbon products and to deliver sustainable innovation. several examples of market opportunities specific to dupont’s business are: 1) in the automotive market, there is a clear trend toward lower-carbon emission technology (including hybrid, phev, and bev), and away from traditional internal combustion engines and drivetrains. 2) in the building solutions market, the trend strongly favors product solutions that reduce both embodied (i.e., a material's carbon footprint) and operational carbon emissions. 3) the trend in display technologies and consumer electronics favors technologies such as energy-efficient displays and devices that last longer and consume less energy during use by consumers. impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the company’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning our understanding of climate change as a risk and opportunity influences our business decisions and strategies in several ways, including through: how we innovate: in 2024, we continued to engage with our customers and value chains to learn about their needs and climate goals. the customer insights gained through our engagements establish a direct link between our innovation platforms and the sustainability priorities of our customers. they also provide clarity for dupont businesses and functions, increase the commercialization success of sustainable products, and enable our customers’ success in achieving their sustainability objectives. climate change is the number one sustainability topic for dupont’s customers and value chains. our actions to protect the planet: each dupont business has refined a climate transition plan supporting their markets and value chains. each business makes decisions aligned with their strategy, such as purchasing renewable energy certificates (recs) and making renewable electricity claims to support their customers and value chains. we joined re100, with a near-term commitment to source 60% of electricity from renewable sources by 2030. in 2022, we invested in our first long-term virtual power purchase agreement (vppa), which, in 2023, delivered the equivalent of 135 megawatts of new wind power capacity to the north american electrical grid, which is approximately 546,000 megawatt hours of renewable electricity annually. in 2024, we introduced a bold new commitment to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050, meeting increasing customer and value chain expectations for net-zero commitments. we have ambitious climate goals that respond to the rising expectations of our customers and stakeholders to accelerate climate action. our targets: • net-zero by 2050 (committed with sbti) • reduce our scopes 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions by 50% by 2030 from a 2019 baseline (validated by sbti) • reduce our scope 3 emissions from purchased goods and services and end-of-life of sold products by 25% by 2030 from a 2020 baseline (validated by sbti) • source 60% of power to our operations from renewable sources by 2030 (re100 commitment) a a61 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices our performance in 2024: • 66% reduction of scopes 1 and 2 emissions from the 2019 baseline, successfully achieving a two-thirds reduction in company emissions in just five years and outperforming the expectations of the 1.5° c pathway set by sbti in alignment with the paris accord • 60% reduction of scope 3 emissions from purchased goods and services and end-of-life of sold products from the 2020 baseline, continuing to surpass our 2030 goal of 25% reduction • 61% of our electricity was procured from renewable sources or through the purchase of renewable energy certificates (recs), exceeding our near-term goal resilience of the company’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2° c or lower scenario dupont approaches climate resilience through integrating of climate risks and opportunities in our business strategy and enterprise risk management. beginning in 2021, dupont conducted a series of climate screening workshops to review and prioritize climate-related physical and transition risks, as well as corresponding opportunities. the company’s climate risk screening and initial assessment showed the strategic importance of climate-focused innovation, disaster preparedness, and a multi-pronged approach to the supply of key raw materials. from an innovation perspective, dupont is preparing for the transition to a lower-carbon economy through an integrated climate action and sustainable innovation strategy, as detailed in the delivering sustainable innovation for our customers section on pages 13 – 19 and the acting on climate section on pages 21 – 29 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. in 2024, we conducted climate scenario workshops using net-zero 2050 and the stated policies scenario (steps) within dupont's performance building solutions business. the business successfully identified valuable insights and outlined strategic actions aimed at bolstering resilience against the impacts of climate change. these insights take into account market expectations and associated risks for the period of 2025 to 2035. in 2024, each dupont business effectively refined climate transition plans, leading to significant advancements in their strategic approaches and a stronger alignment with emerging market drivers. each business strategy focused on developing comprehensive roadmaps that address expected value chain needs. the focus varies based on value chain and includes: life cycle assessment (lca)/product carbon footprint (pcf) analysis and avoided emissions calculations. in terms of supply chain resilience, generally, as described in our 2024 annual report on form 10-k, the company seeks to have many sources of supply for key raw materials to avoid significant dependence on any one supplier or a few suppliers. in addition, and where the supplier market for key raw materials is concentrated, dupont takes additional steps to manage its exposure to supply chain risk and price fluctuations through, among other things, negotiated long-term contracts, some of which include minimum purchase obligations. however, there can be no assurance that such mitigation efforts will prevent future difficulty in obtaining sufficient and timely delivery of certain raw materials. risk management — disclose how the company identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks in 2021, dupont conducted a series of climate screening workshops to review and prioritize climate-related physical and transition risks, as well as corresponding opportunities. to develop a deeper understanding of the unique impacts that climate change could have for dupont, potentially relevant climate risks were identified and assessed via a climate risk screening process based on the risk’s likelihood, significance, and scope of impact across the business, including to direct operations, upstream, and downstream. business and functional teams with responsibilities across dupont’s value chain rated the impact and vulnerability of each risk as low, medium, or high. the low, a a62 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices medium, and high thresholds were calibrated based on potential impacts on operating costs, earnings, increases in costs of raw materials, and supply chain disruptions. leadership used these inputs to prioritize the identified risks and integrated them into our corporate enterprise risk management system. the climate screening and risk assessment work was supported by external climate consultants to help the company better understand its risk exposure, create a roadmap for scenario analysis and resiliency planning, develop strategies for leveraging opportunities, and meet our reporting and disclosure commitments. in 2024, we conducted climate scenario workshops using net-zero 2050 and the stated policies scenario (steps) within dupont's performance building solutions business, where the business has successfully identified valuable insights and outlined strategic actions aimed at bolstering resilience against the impacts of climate change. these insights take into account market expectations and associated risks for the period of 2025 to 2035. in 2024, we continued to leverage strategic customer insights to refine our market and business-level sustainable innovation growth strategies across our global value chains. these engagements establish a direct link between our innovation platforms and the sustainability priorities of our customers, and climate change is highlighted as a top sustainability priority. the engagements address short, medium, and long-term (current – 30 years) through questions about quantitative commitments or product claims that our customers make, investments customers are making, and whether the customer is making carbon neutral or net-zero commitments by 2050. many of the customer responses reference 2030 commitments. this process of customer engagement is established as an annual process managed by members of our business strategic planning, marketing, and sales teams. this informed each business climate transition plan. assessment of physical climate risks is primarily analysis led by our climate strategist that indicates our greatest likelihood of impact is from our supply chains that are impacted by the chemical industry located on the u.s. gulf coast. there is also the potential for impact at our sites, but the risk is lower for any single event due to our globally distributed footprint and not being concentrated in higher-risk locations like the u.s. gulf coast. other inputs to our understanding of climate risks include the evolving criteria in ratings and direct engagements with investors. we monitor sustainability assessments such as cdp, ecovadis, and others for changes that indicate increased focus on transparency and action related to climate risks. for example, in 2022, cdp expanded their requested disclosures on the details of renewable energy purchases, aligned with re100 reporting requirements. this was an indicator of additional transparency expectations related to the actions we’re taking to manage our climate risk. our sustainability and investor relations teams collaborate to monitor climate topics in direct engagements with investors. in 2024, those topics included climate targets and our climate action plan among others. our understanding of these changing criteria primarily covers the short term. for example, we are monitoring progress on regulations from the european union's corporate sustainability reporting directive (eu csrd) and california regulations. the eu csrd and california's regulations may impact dupont by mandating enhanced transparency in sustainability reporting. processes for managing climate-related risks at dupont, we continue to drive the integration and management of strategic climate risks and opportunities at the appropriate levels across business and functional teams where they can be most effectively addressed and acted upon. our climate strategy, as part of our sustainability strategy, is set by our chief technology and sustainability officer (ctso) and reviewed regularly for progress. implementation of the acting on climate goals, including the development of roadmaps to meet our climate targets and the engagement of our business units on their contribution, is led by an enterprise-level climate strategist. dupont’s ctso and chief operations and engineering officer together are responsible for performance against our climate goals and communicate with the ceo and the board of directors on climate-related matters. in 2024, we continued to leverage strategic customer insights to refine our market and business-level sustainable innovation growth strategies across our global value chains. these engagements establish a direct link between both the business strategies and the innovation platforms to the sustainability priorities of our customers. climate change is highlighted as a top sustainability priority by our customers. our established process to engage our customers is used to understand their evolution in sustainability priorities. learnings from these engagements are inputs to management actions, including investing in renewable energy, for example through recs, increasing investment in climate-related innovation for specific markets and applications, setting new climate reduction targets, engaging our suppliers on their climate action plans, and others. a a63 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices dupont manages our risk associated with the physical impacts of climate change through our business continuity plans as part of our enterprise risk process, including emergency preparedness. as part of our emergency preparedness corporate requirements, each site is required to have an emergency response plan (erp). the plan details the prevention, mitigation, response, and recovery activities the site shall do prior, during, and after any unplanned event. the plan also dictates the need to have a site emergency management team to coordinate the activities detailed in the erp. if needed, a business crisis team will be dispatched to help provide additional resources to the site, assist employees with recovery, or implement actions to minimize supply chain disruption. the business crisis plan can be escalated to a corporate crisis plan, bringing additional resources to meet the needs of the site(s) and employees. how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the company’s overall risk management the board and its committees are responsible for overseeing dupont's overall risk management process and executive management is responsible for executing the risk management strategy. specifically, the full board has responsibility for overseeing the strategic planning process and reviewing and monitoring management’s execution of the corporate and business plans. the board is also responsible for overseeing risks associated with operational resiliency, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, geopolitical matters, innovation and mergers and acquisitions. each committee is responsible for oversight of specific risk areas relevant to their respective charters. oversight of sustainability-related risks, including climate, is performed by the board of directors' environment, health, safety and sustainability (ehs&s) committee. in addition to identifying and assessing sustainability-related risk areas, dupont also includes sustainability topics as elements of other risk areas such as geo-political, operational resilience, human capital management, anti-corruption, fraud, and integrity. sustainability serves as a lens through which we view corporate risks, drivers, and mitigation for each risk topic to ensure consideration is given to components of the sustainability landscape. for example, operational resilience can be impacted by many factors, including increased frequency and severity of severe weather events. climate and chemical stewardship are the two specific sustainability-related risk areas monitored, with key indicators identified to manage them and assigned risk leaders and risk owners for accountability. for details about our management of these two topics, refer to the acting on climate section on pages 21 – 29 and the innovating safe and sustainable by design section on pages 40 – 44 of the dupont 2025 sustainability report. metrics and targets — disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material metrics used by the company to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process to achieve our acting on climate goals of 50% absolute reduction of scopes 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions by 2030, procurement of 60% renewable electricity by 2030, and net-zero carbon emissions by 2050, we’re implementing an integrated strategy to address all sources of ghg emissions, including efforts to create low-carbon industrial processes, source low-carbon and renewable electricity, and reduce our overall energy use. because of the complex nature and broad implications of climate change, dupont currently uses — and is further developing — metrics to help us understand our exposure to physical and transition climate-related risks and opportunities. in 2021, dupont implemented a sustainability modifier to the annual employee short-term incentive program (stip) to enhance accountability for sustainability across our organization. dupont’s environment, health, safety and sustainability committee believes that linking incentive compensation to our sustainability journey demonstrates our strong commitment to advancing our goals. each year, dupont establishes enterprise-wide goals aligned with our three sustainability pillars — innovate, protect, and empower. extraordinary progress in a target focus area could result in an increase of up to 10% in incentive payouts, while limited progress in these areas could result in a decrease of up to 10% in incentive payouts. the committee will not apply a modifier if expected progress is achieved. the 2024 sustainability modifier focused on delivering against specific goals within each pillar. based on a holistic review of 2024 performance, the committee determined a positive application of the modifier was appropriate considering extraordinary achievement within our innovate and protect sustainability pillars. our physical risk metrics focus on operations and supply chain disruptions. this is managed through our enterprise risk management (erm) and emergency response plan (erp) processes and metrics. a a64 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices transition risk metrics include our energy consumption, as well as our ghg emissions for scopes 1, 2, and 3, customer survey metrics, cost of carbon model estimates, and our portfolio sustainability assessment (psa) methodology, which is a framework to assess innovation opportunities and quantify the impacts of our innovation and product portfolios into four categories, including climate action. dupont focuses on product-level ghg accounting through life cycle assessments (lca) and product carbon footprint (pcf) analysis. reducing ghg emissions in our products creates value for our customers. we report ghg emissions reductions in our enterprise-level ghg inventory. • dupont monitors the external price of carbon and uses carbon pricing systems to assess and manage climate-related risks and opportunities, enabling us to evaluate the financial implications of carbon emissions on our operations. emission trading schemes create a financial incentive for minimizing emissions and pursuing sustainable alternatives. the price of carbon allowances under these schemes serves as a key factor in encouraging reductions where it is most cost-effective. as the implementation of carbon pricing mechanisms increases, with varying levels of pricing across different countries and economies, dupont anticipates adapting to these changes. carbon pricing frameworks also inform our operational and strategic decision-making, leading to investments in emission reduction initiatives and partnerships focused on sourcing low-carbon raw materials, thus preparing for the anticipated impacts of rising carbon costs on energy sources and raw materials. • dupont utilizes robust ghg accounting practices to effectively measure and manage ghg emissions, which are essential for understanding our environmental impact. we incorporate credible ghg accounting, lcas, and pcf analysis to create value. we employ comprehensive ghg accounting methodologies aligned with ghg protocol to accurately inventory emissions across all our operations. by utilizing standardized protocols, we ensure transparency and reliability in our reporting. effective ghg accounting at both the product and enterprise level, allows us to identify key emission sources, set reduction targets, and comply with regulatory requirements, ultimately aiding in value creation, risk management, and strategic planning. • we leverage lcas to evaluate the environmental impacts of our products throughout their entire life cycle — from raw material extraction to production, use, and disposal. this holistic approach enables us to identify opportunities to reduce ghg emissions. the insights gained from lcas guide product innovation and help dupont develop products that meet consumer demands. by assessing the carbon footprint of our products, we can quantify the ghg emissions associated with each product throughout its life cycle. this information is valuable to customers who are increasingly seeking to reduce their environmental impact. additionally, understanding the carbon footprints of our products helps us enhance our product offerings by designing low-carbon alternatives, thereby creating competitive advantages in sustainability-conscious markets. the integration of ghg accounting, lcas, and pcf analyses drives business value and enhances dupont's sustainability initiatives. reducing pcf, improving efficiency, and providing sustainable products play an important role in supporting evolving customer expectations, complying with regulations, and lowering operational costs. these actions also enhance our brand reputation and open new market opportunities, ultimately driving long-term financial performance. a a65 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices % renewable electricity (including recs) 2022 2023 2024 54% 57% 61% 2019 scopes 1 and 2 emissions (mtcoe) 2022 2023 2024 2 (base year) scope 1 2,058,000 1,408,000 719,000 496,000 scope 2 (market-based) 1,013,000 609,000 576,000 561,000 scope 2 (location-based) 1,011,000 877,000 860,000 833,000 scope 1 + scope 2 (market-based) 3,071,000 2,017,000 1,294,000 1,056,000 2020 scope 3 (mtco e) 2022 2023 2024 2 (base year) cat. 1 purchased goods and services 4,247,000 4,888,000 3,749,000 3,574,000 cat. 2 capital goods 80,000 63,000 59,000 61,000 cat. 3 fuel and energy related activities 508,000 524,000 508,000 508,000 cat. 4 upstream transport & distribution 629,000 850,000 588,000 530,000 cat. 5 waste 61,000 72,000 69,000 70,000 cat. 6 business travel 1,000 10,000 10,000 12,000 cat. 7 employee commute 19,000 21,000 21,000 24,000 cat. 8 upstream leased assets 2,000 1,000 1,000 1,000 cat. 9 downstream transportation & distribution 15,000 25,000 24,000 20,000 cat. 10 processing of sold products 222,000 232,000 216,000 223,000 cat. 11 use of sold products 70,000 51,000 33,000 19,000 cat. 12 end-of-life treatment of sold products 5,957,000 4,287,000 1,794,000 558,000 cat. 13 downstream leased assets not applicable cat. 14 franchises not applicable cat. 15 investments 37,000 35,000 31,000 32,000 total 11,848,000 11,060,000 7,102,000 5,631,000 category 1 + 12 for goal 10,204,000 9,175,000 5,543,000 4,132,000 a a66 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices targets used by the company to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets our targets: • net-zero by 2050 target (committed with sbti) • reduce our scopes 1 and 2 ghg emissions by 50% by 2030 from the 2019 base year (validated by sbti) • reduce our scope 3 emissions from purchased goods and services and end-of-life of sold products by 25% by 2030 from the 2020 base year (validated by sbti) • source 60% of power to our operations from renewable sources by 2030 (re100 commitment) our performance in 2024: • 66% reduction of scopes 1 and 2 emissions from the 2019 baseline, successfully achieving a two-thirds reduction in company emissions in just five years and outperforming the expectations of the 1.5° c pathway set by sbti in alignment with the paris accord • 60% reduction of scope 3 emissions from purchased goods and services and end-of-life of sold products from the 2020 baseline, continuing to surpass our 2030 goal of 25% reduction • 61% of our electricity was procured from renewable sources or through the purchase of renewable energy certificates (recs), exceeding our near-term goal a a67 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices renewable electricity use (% of total electricity use) scopes 1 and 2 ghg emissions (millions of mtco e) scope 3 emissions (millions of mtco e) 2 2 808%080%% scope 1 ghg esmcssiosccspooieoppne1esg11hgghghggemeesmmcisosiipssiosesi ino2os nngsshg emissions, market-based s s s c c o cos p op e cp eo 3 e p e 3 m e3e is 3em si m o ei n smi s ss f sii o osi r os n c inso a s t n e fo g fso o rf r r i oc e cr s a a 1 tc e a ta n egt d goe 1 or 2 g ir i oe n ier c si l s u e1 d 1sa e a d n1n d i a n dn t 1 h d21 e 2 i1 s n2i b nc t icl i n - ul a cu p dl p deu r e o dd v de e ind d in r ti e nht d he u te c .h. t .. i e. o . n .. . target 61% o w f a p s o p w ro e c r u t r o e o d u f r r o o m pe r r e a n ti e o w ns a b in le 2 s 0 o 2 u 4 r ces scssoccpooeppe2e2g2hgghghggemeemmissiissiossiinoosnn(ssm((mmaraakrrekktee-btt--abbsaaessdee)dd)) sssccocospopecp eo3e pe3me3eis3emsmieoinsmisss siieosixoscnilnusosdneinesxgxce cclxualcutdeldgiunoidnrgiiegnsc gc1a aatcnetadeg tg1oe2orgiroeiersise11saan1ndadn1d21212 or through the purchase of recs 4.404.0.0000 1212.01.02.0 111.18.181.8 111.11.111.1 60% reduction of emissions related 606%060%% 2030 target 66% reduction from 2019 to categories 1 and 12 from the 2020 baseline in 2024 baseline in 2024 1.011.1.0011 2.022.0.0000 88.0.08.0 40% 0.060.1.6611 2030 target 7.71.17.1 2030 target[1] 4040%% 55.6.65.6 2.022.6.0066 0.0508..5588 57% 616%62%2% 1.411.1.4411 0.0506..5566 54 55 % 5%5% 5858%% 0.0702..7722 0.0500..5500 44.0.04.0 000 20% 2020%% 202220022222 202220032233 202220042244 00 0 8% 0% 88%% 202022220222 202022320323 202022420424 00%% 2022 2023 2024 20202222 20202323 20202424 [1] the sbti-approved 2030 target for scope 3 emissions reductions is focused solely on reducing emissions from purchased goods and services (category 1) and end-of-life of sold products (category 12). (cid:58)(cid:437)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:1005)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:3) (cid:68)(cid:400)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:58)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:374)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3) (cid:94)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3) (cid:1005)(cid:1009)(cid:1004)(cid:1005)(cid:3)(cid:62)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:364)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1004)(cid:3)(cid:62)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:364)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:17)(cid:437)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3) (cid:68)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:47)(cid:3)(cid:1008)(cid:1012)(cid:1010)(cid:1008)(cid:1006)(cid:3) (cid:3) 2024 greenhouse gas inventory, 2024 energy use, 2024 renewable energy use, 2024 water use, 2024 environmental health & safety performance metrics and 2024 diversity equity & inclusion limited verification statement purpose of the statement (cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:437)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:882)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:18)(cid:122)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:346)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:39)(cid:44)(cid:39)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:90)(cid:28)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:853)(cid:3) (cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:920)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:258)(cid:296)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:28)(cid:44)(cid:94)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:374)(cid:437)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:400)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:395)(cid:437)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:920)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:24)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3) (cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:44)(cid:39)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3) (cid:400)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:336)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:882)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:38)(cid:28)(cid:90)(cid:4)(cid:895)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:882)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:853)(cid:3) (cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:882)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3) (cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:882)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:853)(cid:3) (cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:282)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:920)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:258)(cid:296)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:400)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:100)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:100)(cid:90)(cid:47)(cid:90)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:455)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:364)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:24)(cid:4)(cid:116)(cid:18)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:271)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3) (cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:100)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:393)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:449)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)under dupont’s operational control(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:395)(cid:437)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:920)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:400)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:437)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:882)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:336)(cid:437)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:454)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:381)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:854)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3) (cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:374)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:104)(cid:856)(cid:94)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:381)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:3) (cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)“review findings” report(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:364)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3) (cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:282)(cid:282)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:395)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:100)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3) (cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:100)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:3)(cid:3) wsp usa one penn plaza new york, ny 10119 tel.: +1 212 465-5096 wsp.com (cid:3) (cid:3) (cid:3) (cid:3) table 1: assurance scope assurance parameter specification ▪ (cid:100)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:346)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:855)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:272)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:895)(cid:3) (cid:39)(cid:44)(cid:39)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:100)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:346)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:855)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:437)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:87)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:116)(cid:90)(cid:47)(cid:876)(cid:116)(cid:17)(cid:18)(cid:94)(cid:24)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:115)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1007)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:272)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:94)(cid:44)(cid:28)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:1007)(cid:1009)(cid:39)(cid:855)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:75)(cid:272)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:361)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3) (cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:44)(cid:920)(cid:94)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:28)(cid:44)(cid:94)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:455)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:1005)(cid:127)(cid:3) (cid:115)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:3) (cid:47)(cid:94)(cid:75)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:1008)(cid:1004)(cid:1010)(cid:1008)(cid:882)(cid:1007)(cid:855)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:346)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)–(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:1007)(cid:855)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:437)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:448)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:346)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3) (cid:62)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:62)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3) (cid:75)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:349)(cid:460)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:17)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:3) (cid:75)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:3) (cid:39)(cid:286)(cid:381)(cid:336)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:393)(cid:346)(cid:455)(cid:3) (cid:39)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:271)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3) (cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:282)(cid:3) (cid:58)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:437)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:271)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:1007)(cid:1005)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3) greenhouse gas emissions metrics (cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:1005)(cid:3) (cid:1008)(cid:1013)(cid:1009)(cid:853)(cid:1011)(cid:1009)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:75) (cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:3) (cid:1006) (cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:62)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:882)(cid:271)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:1005)(cid:3) (cid:1012)(cid:1007)(cid:1006)(cid:853)(cid:1012)(cid:1007)(cid:1009)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:75)(cid:1006)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:895)(cid:3) (cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:364)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:882)(cid:271)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:1005)(cid:3) (cid:1009)(cid:1010)(cid:1004)(cid:853)(cid:1010)(cid:1013)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:75) (cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:895)(cid:3) (cid:1006) (cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:336)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:28)(cid:90)(cid:4)(cid:3) (cid:1009)(cid:1004)(cid:1011)(cid:853)(cid:1010)(cid:1004)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:75) (cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:3) (cid:1006) ▪ (cid:18)(cid:122)(cid:1006)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:895)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:272)(cid:400)(cid:3)–(cid:3)(cid:69)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:882)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:890)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:271)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:4)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1007)(cid:3)–(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1007)(cid:3)–(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:38)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:890)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:258)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:895)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:890)(cid:44)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:890)(cid:39)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:17)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:364)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:282)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:1005)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:62)(cid:17)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:17)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:364)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:1005)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:17)(cid:3) (cid:94)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:28)(cid:18)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:62)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:448)(cid:258)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:28)(cid:18)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:895)(cid:3) (cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:38)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:62)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:258)(cid:393)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:890)(cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:890)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:3)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:104)(cid:400)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:18)(cid:122)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:104)(cid:393)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:364)(cid:271)(cid:381)(cid:381)(cid:364)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:24)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:62)(cid:381)(cid:381)(cid:364)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:3)(cid:100)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:882)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:17)(cid:104)(cid:3)(cid:17)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:364)(cid:282)(cid:381)(cid:449)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:364)(cid:271)(cid:381)(cid:381)(cid:364)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:39)(cid:90)(cid:47)(cid:24)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:296)(cid:296)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:367)(cid:271)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:336)(cid:346)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:895)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:28)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:381)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3) date review complete (cid:58)(cid:437)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:3) energy consumption metrics (cid:100)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3) (cid:1009)(cid:853)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1007)(cid:853)(cid:1004)(cid:1009)(cid:1007)(cid:853)(cid:1004)(cid:1005)(cid:1004)(cid:3)(cid:364)(cid:116)(cid:346)(cid:3) (cid:100)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:1007)(cid:1007)(cid:853)(cid:1010)(cid:1005)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:364)(cid:116)(cid:346)(cid:3) (cid:100)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:44)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:100)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:296)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:3) (cid:1004)(cid:3)(cid:364)(cid:116)(cid:346)(cid:3) (cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3) (cid:100)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:69)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:882)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:373)(cid:3) (cid:1005)(cid:853)(cid:1008)(cid:1012)(cid:1012)(cid:853)(cid:1005)(cid:1005)(cid:1005)(cid:853)(cid:1005)(cid:1007)(cid:1012)(cid:3)(cid:364)(cid:116)(cid:346)(cid:3) (cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3) (cid:100)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3) (cid:1005)(cid:853)(cid:1012)(cid:1010)(cid:1004)(cid:853)(cid:1006)(cid:1012)(cid:1013)(cid:853)(cid:1006)(cid:1005)(cid:1011)(cid:3)(cid:364)(cid:116)(cid:346)(cid:3) renewable energy consumption metrics (cid:87)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:853)(cid:1004)(cid:1005)(cid:1013)(cid:853)(cid:1009)(cid:1004)(cid:1011)(cid:853)(cid:1004)(cid:1005)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:364)(cid:116)(cid:346)(cid:3) (cid:75)(cid:374)(cid:882)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:1007)(cid:3) (cid:1005)(cid:853)(cid:1006)(cid:1013)(cid:1010)(cid:853)(cid:1010)(cid:1006)(cid:1013)(cid:3)(cid:364)(cid:116)(cid:346)(cid:3) (cid:910)(cid:69)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:336)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:90)(cid:28)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3) (cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:882)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:336)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:346)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:448)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:882)(cid:296)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:69)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:882) (cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3) (cid:1010)(cid:1005)(cid:3)(cid:1081)(cid:3) (cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:882)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:393)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:3) (cid:87)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:364)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:3) (cid:121)(cid:3)(cid:1081)(cid:3)(cid:1089)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:87)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:28)(cid:3)(cid:1085)(cid:3)(cid:75)(cid:374)(cid:882)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:28)(cid:895)(cid:876)(cid:100)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:104)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:115)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:68)(cid:17)(cid:100)(cid:104)(cid:3) (cid:3)(cid:1012)(cid:856)(cid:1009)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:68)(cid:17)(cid:100)(cid:104)(cid:3)(cid:17)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:3) (cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:17)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:3) (cid:3) (cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:856)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:68)(cid:17)(cid:100)(cid:104)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:381)(cid:271)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:3) (cid:3) (cid:87)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:3) (cid:1004)(cid:3)(cid:364)(cid:116)(cid:346)(cid:3) (cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:18)(cid:122)(cid:1006)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:895)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:272)(cid:400)(cid:3)–(cid:3)(cid:69)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:882)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:890)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:271)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:4)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1007)(cid:3)–(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1007)(cid:3)–(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:38)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:890)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:890)(cid:44)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:890)(cid:39)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:3) (cid:94)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:17)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:364)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:282)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:1005)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:62)(cid:17)(cid:3) (cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:17)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:364)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:1005)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:17)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:28)(cid:18)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:62)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:448)(cid:258)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:28)(cid:18)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:895)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:38)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:62)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:104)(cid:400)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:18)(cid:122)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:104)(cid:393)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:364)(cid:271)(cid:381)(cid:381)(cid:364)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:28)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:381)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:296)(cid:296)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:3) (cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:58)(cid:437)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:3) water metrics (cid:116)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:282)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:3) (cid:1011)(cid:1008)(cid:853)(cid:1006)(cid:1011)(cid:1009)(cid:856)(cid:1010)(cid:1004)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:286)(cid:336)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:3) (cid:116)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3) (cid:1012)(cid:853)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:1009)(cid:856)(cid:1004)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:286)(cid:336)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:18)(cid:122)(cid:1006)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:364)(cid:271)(cid:381)(cid:381)(cid:364)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1007)(cid:882)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:890)(cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:437)(cid:271)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:890)(cid:1009)(cid:882)(cid:1007)(cid:1004)(cid:882)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:3)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:855)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:116)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:282)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:876)(cid:94)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:116)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:104)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:876)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3) (cid:94)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:116)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:895)(cid:3) (cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:116)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:381)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:296)(cid:296)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:3) (cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:58)(cid:437)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:3) environmental health and safety performance metrics (cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:100)(cid:90)(cid:47)(cid:90)(cid:3) (cid:1004)(cid:856)(cid:1005)(cid:1006)(cid:3) (cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:4)(cid:116)(cid:18)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:1004)(cid:856)(cid:1004)(cid:1008)(cid:3) (cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:100)(cid:90)(cid:47)(cid:90)(cid:3) (cid:1004)(cid:856)(cid:1006)(cid:1006)(cid:3) (cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:4)(cid:116)(cid:18)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:1004)(cid:856)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:3) (cid:100)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1085)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:895)(cid:3) (cid:1004)(cid:856)(cid:1005)(cid:1008)(cid:3) (cid:100)(cid:90)(cid:47)(cid:90)(cid:3) (cid:100)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1085)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:895)(cid:3) (cid:1004)(cid:856)(cid:1004)(cid:1007)(cid:3) (cid:24)(cid:4)(cid:116)(cid:18)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:94)(cid:258)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:364)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:44)(cid:94)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:44)(cid:94)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:346)(cid:271)(cid:381)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:882)(cid:24)(cid:28)(cid:18)(cid:28)(cid:68)(cid:17)(cid:28)(cid:90)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:361)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:890)(cid:47)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:882)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:122)(cid:28)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:122)(cid:28)(cid:3) (cid:94)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:75)(cid:272)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:361)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3) (cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:94)(cid:258)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:361)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:94)(cid:258)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:336)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:44)(cid:920)(cid:94)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:296)(cid:296)(cid:3) (cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:58)(cid:437)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:3) diversity, equity and inclusion metrics4 (cid:4)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:437)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:100)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:39)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:271)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:364)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)–(cid:3)(cid:1007)(cid:1005)(cid:856)(cid:1013)(cid:1009)(cid:1081)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1010)(cid:1011)(cid:856)(cid:1012)(cid:1013)(cid:1081)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1004)(cid:856)(cid:1005)(cid:1010)(cid:1081)(cid:3)(cid:104)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3) (cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:336)(cid:437)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:876)(cid:94)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:454)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:876)(cid:17)(cid:381)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:3) (cid:94)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:62)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:3)–(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1012)(cid:856)(cid:1007)(cid:1004)(cid:1081)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1011)(cid:1005)(cid:856)(cid:1011)(cid:1004)(cid:1081)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:3) (cid:882)(cid:3)(cid:1081)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:876)(cid:38)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:17)(cid:381)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:349)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:3)–(cid:3)(cid:1007)(cid:1007)(cid:856)(cid:1007)(cid:1007)(cid:1081)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1010)(cid:1010)(cid:856)(cid:1010)(cid:1011)(cid:1081)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:3) (cid:4)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:104)(cid:856)(cid:94)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:876)(cid:17)(cid:381)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:882)(cid:3) (cid:104)(cid:856)(cid:94)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:364)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)–(cid:3)(cid:1007)(cid:1008)(cid:1081)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1010)(cid:1010)(cid:1081)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:1081)(cid:116)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:876)(cid:68)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3) (cid:17)(cid:381)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:349)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:3)–(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:1011)(cid:1081)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1012)(cid:1007)(cid:1081)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:3) (cid:94)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:94)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:882)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:62)(cid:4)(cid:100)(cid:3)(cid:882)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:856)(cid:454)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:454)(cid:3) (cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:87)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:104)(cid:856)(cid:94)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:62)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:75)(cid:38)(cid:18)(cid:18)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:437)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:4)(cid:89)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:3) (cid:24)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:58)(cid:437)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:3) (cid:1005)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:882)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:364)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:882)(cid:271)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:282)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:1004)(cid:1004)(cid:3) (cid:282)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:381)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:381)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:381)(cid:271)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:856)(cid:3) (cid:1006)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:437)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:90)(cid:28)(cid:18)(cid:400)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:856)(cid:3) (cid:1007)(cid:3)(cid:75)(cid:374)(cid:882)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:882)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:856)(cid:3) (cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:69)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:400)(cid:855)(cid:3)(cid:100)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:296)(cid:882)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:296)(cid:882)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:3)(cid:100)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)ont’s summary metrics of self(cid:882)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:437)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3) (cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:296)(cid:882)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:454)(cid:258)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:454)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3) definitions nor confirm if employees’ reported data matches any pre(cid:882)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:296)(cid:882)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:336)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:336)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:460)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:3) (cid:258)(cid:393)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:856) verification process and document review (cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:449)(cid:381)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:17)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:336)(cid:349)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:1012)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:3) (cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:367)(cid:271)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:336)(cid:346)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:1009)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:364)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:393)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:449)(cid:882)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3) (cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:395)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:855)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:28)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:100)(cid:381)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:3)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:39)(cid:44)(cid:39)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:47)(cid:68)(cid:87)(cid:895)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:39)(cid:44)(cid:39)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:94)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:381)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:364)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:455)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:116)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:28)(cid:44)(cid:94)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:374)(cid:374)(cid:437)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:28)(cid:44)(cid:94)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:400)(cid:3) ▪ (cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:3) dataset updates (cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:381)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:437)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:449)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:38)(cid:286)(cid:271)(cid:396)(cid:437)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:58)(cid:437)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1009)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:100)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:100)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:381)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:346)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:367)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:282)(cid:286)—(cid:286)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:18)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:373)(cid:400)—within dupont’s data (cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:455)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:296)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:437)(cid:393)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:894)(cid:400)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:393)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:894)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:272)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:44)(cid:39)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:395)(cid:437)(cid:349)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3) (cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:3) (cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:336)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:381)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3) (cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:3)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:393)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:381)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:454)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:381)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:437)(cid:374)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:3) (cid:400)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:258)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:856)(cid:3) assurance finding (cid:17)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:44)(cid:39)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:44)(cid:94)(cid:3) (cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:400)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:28)(cid:47)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:258)(cid:349)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:393)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:3) (cid:271)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:346)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:87)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:367)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:44)(cid:94)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:1005)(cid:127)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:1007)(cid:1009)(cid:39)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:400)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:3) professional conduct (cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:437)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:349)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:400)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:437)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:396)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:94)(cid:75)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:1008)(cid:1004)(cid:1010)(cid:1009)(cid:3) (cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:282)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:346)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)—(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:395)(cid:437)(cid:349)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:346)(cid:381)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:336)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:448)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:349)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:381)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:272)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:373)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3) (cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:336)(cid:374)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:47)(cid:94)(cid:75)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:1008)(cid:1004)(cid:1010)(cid:1009)(cid:3)(cid:400)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:395)(cid:437)(cid:349)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:367)(cid:381)(cid:455)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:271)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:272)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:856)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:272)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:258)(cid:367)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:1005)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:346)(cid:258)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:271)(cid:437)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3) (cid:272)(cid:381)(cid:373)(cid:393)(cid:349)(cid:367)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:1004)(cid:1006)(cid:1008)(cid:3)(cid:39)(cid:44)(cid:39)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:271)(cid:367)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:336)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:258)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:28)(cid:44)(cid:94)(cid:3)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:296)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:373)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:400)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:282)(cid:349)(cid:448)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3)(cid:286)(cid:395)(cid:437)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:3)(cid:920)(cid:3)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:367)(cid:437)(cid:400)(cid:349)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:3) (cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:410)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:272)(cid:400)(cid:854)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:1006)(cid:895)(cid:3)(cid:373)(cid:286)(cid:373)(cid:271)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:400)(cid:3)(cid:381)(cid:296)(cid:3)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:116)(cid:94)(cid:87)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:400)(cid:400)(cid:437)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:100)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:373)(cid:3)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:3)(cid:374)(cid:381)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:381)(cid:396)(cid:364)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:336)(cid:3)(cid:449)(cid:349)(cid:410)(cid:346)(cid:3)(cid:24)(cid:437)(cid:87)(cid:381)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)in any capacity that would conflict with wsp’s ability to be an impartial third (cid:393)(cid:258)(cid:396)(cid:410)(cid:455)(cid:856)(cid:3) (cid:94)(cid:349)(cid:374)(cid:272)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:286)(cid:367)(cid:455)(cid:853)(cid:3) (cid:3) (cid:3) (cid:3) (cid:3) (cid:4)(cid:374)(cid:374)(cid:258)(cid:3)(cid:94)(cid:410)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:346)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:400)(cid:3) (cid:68)(cid:258)(cid:410)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:4)(cid:271)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:258)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3) (cid:62)(cid:286)(cid:258)(cid:282)(cid:3)(cid:115)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:349)(cid:296)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3) (cid:47)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:393)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:282)(cid:286)(cid:374)(cid:410)(cid:3)(cid:90)(cid:286)(cid:448)(cid:349)(cid:286)(cid:449)(cid:286)(cid:396)(cid:3) (cid:3) (cid:3) a76 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices forward-looking statements cautionary statement about forward-looking statements this communication contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. in this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future business and financial performance and financial condition, and often contain words such as "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "see," "will," "would," "target," “stabilization,” “confident,” “preliminary,” “initial,” ”drive,” “innovate” and similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. forward-looking statements address matters that are, to varying degrees, uncertain and subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, many of which that are beyond dupont's control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements are not representations or warranties or guarantees of future results. all statements, other than statements of historical fact, are forward- looking statements, including statements regarding outlook, expectations and guidance, including with respect to the potential impact of tariffs and discussion of trade sensitivity and macroeconomic uncertainties. forward-looking statements address matters that are, to varying degrees, uncertain and subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, many of which that are beyond dupont’s control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements include statements which relate to the purpose, ambitions, commitments, targets, plans, objectives, and results of dupont’s sustainability strategy, including its activities related to substances of concern. forward-looking statements include statements related to the standards and measurement of progress against the company’s sustainability goals, including metrics, data and other information, which are based on estimates and assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. the actual conduct of the company’s activities and results thereof, including the development, implementation, achievement or continuation of any goal, program, policy or initiative discussed or expected in connection with dupont’s sustainability strategy may differ materially from the statements made herein. the use of the word “material” for the purposes of statements regarding our sustainability strategy and goals should not be read as equating to any use of the word in the company’s other disclosures or filings with the u.s. securities and exchange commission. on january 15, 2025, dupont announced it is targeting november 1, 2025, for the completion of the intended separation of the electronics business (the “intended electronics separation”). the intended electronics separation will not require a shareholder vote and is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including final approval by dupont's board of directors, receipt of tax opinion from counsel, the completion and effectiveness of the form 10 registration statement filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission, applicable regulatory approvals and satisfactory completion of financing. effective in the first quarter of 2025, in light of the intended electronics separation, the company realigned its management and reporting structure. this realignment resulted in a change in reportable segments in the first quarter of 2025 which changed the manner in which the company reports financial results by segment, (the "2025 segment realignment"). as a result, commencing with the first quarter of 2025, the businesses to be separated as part of the intended electronics separation are reported separately from the other businesses of dupont. the consolidated financial statements have been recast for all periods presented to reflect the new two segment reporting structure. see dupont’s most recent annual report and subsequent current and periodic reports filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission for further description of risk factors that could impact the expectations or estimates implied by the company’s forward-looking statements, including (i) the ability to effect the intended electronics separation, and meet expectations regarding the timing, completion, accounting and tax treatments, and benefits related to the intended electronics separation and other portfolio changes; (ii) risks and costs related to indemnification of legacy liabilities; (iii) risks and uncertainties related to operational and supply chain impacts or disruptions, including ability to a a77 dupont 2025 sustainability report introduction innovate for good protect people and the planet empower people to thrive governance appendices offset increased costs, obtain raw materials, and meet customer needs, and (iv) other risks to dupont's business and operations. unlisted factors may also present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward-looking statements. consequences of material differences in results as compared with those anticipated in the forward-looking statements could include, among other things, business or supply chain disruption, operational problems, financial loss, legal liability to third parties, loss of key customers, reputational harm and similar risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on dupont’s consolidated financial condition, results of operations, credit rating or liquidity. you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. dupont assumes no obligation to publicly provide revisions or updates to any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, should circumstances change, except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable laws. additional information additional sustainability disclosures are available on our sustainability resources & downloads webpage, including: • gri, sasb, and tcfd indices as separate downloads; • past years’ reports; and • cdp submission and ecovadis scorecard. financial, legal, and governance information, including our 2025 proxy statement and financial filings, is available on our dupont investors website: www.investors.dupont.com. our corporate position statements on many of the topics included in this report are available at www.dupont.com/position-statements. we welcome engagement on the topics described in the report. please email sustainability@dupont.com. a visit us at www.dupont.com engage with us at if you have comments/questions, email us at sustainability@dupont.com. © 2025 dupont de nemours, inc. all rights reserved. dupont™, the dupont oval logo, and all products, unless otherwise noted, denoted with ™, sm or ® are trademarks, service marks or registered trademarks of affiliates of dupont de nemours, inc.